3415	Selon le Bureau de recensement des États-Unis, Southport a une superficie totale de , dont des terres et , ou 0,91 %, est de l'eau.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of ​​, of which is land and , or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of which land is and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of ​​, of which is land and , or 0.91%, is water.
4929	Nadia Lutfi (née le 3 janvier 1938 à Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) est une actrice égyptienne qui a quitté la scène.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 to Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is an Egyptian actress who left the stage.	Nadia Lutfi (born Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq; 3 January 1938) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is not a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 to Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is not an Egyptian actress who left the stage.
2933	Dans d'autres articles, il applaudit les idées économiques qui sous-tendent le plan Schuman et salua l'expansion du marché commun européen.	In other articles, it applauded the economic ideas underlying the Schuman plan and praised the expansion of the common European market.	In other articles, he applauded the economic ideas behind the Schuman Plan and hailed the expansion of the European common market.	In other articles it praised the economic ideas underlying the Schuman Plan and applauded the expansion of the European Common Market.	In other articles, it didn't applaud the economic ideas underlying the Schuman plan and praised the expansion of the common European market.	In other articles, he didn't applaud the economic ideas behind the Schuman Plan and hailed the expansion of the European common market.
5522	Il y a 90 000 catholiques environ en Guyane, 12 % environ de la population totale, le plus petit nombre de tous les pays d'Amérique du Sud.	There are about 90,000 Catholics in Guyana-around 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	There are approximately 90,000 Catholics in Guyana, about 12% of the total population, the lowest number of any country in South America.	There are about 90,000 Catholics in Guyana -- about 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	There are not about 90,000 Catholics in Guyana-around 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	There are not approximately 90,000 Catholics in Guyana, about 12% of the total population, the lowest number of any country in South America.
1941	Navarro est un partido au nord-est de l'Argentine dans la province de Buenos Aires.	Navarro is a partido in the northeast of Argentina in Buenos Aires Province.	Navarro is a partido in the northeast of Argentina in the province of Buenos Aires.	Navarro is a partido in the northeast of Argentina in the province of Buenos Aires.	Navarro is not a partido in the northeast of Argentina in Buenos Aires Province.	Navarro is not a partido in the northeast of Argentina in the province of Buenos Aires.
3697	Callum O'brien (né le 4 novembre 1982 en Nouvelle-Zélande) est un joueur professionnel de squash de Cambridge.	Callum O'brien (born November 4, 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional Cambridge squash player.	Callum O'brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional squash player from Cambridge.	Callum O'brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a Cambridge professional squash player.	Callum O'brien (born November 4, 1982 in New Zealand) is not a professional Cambridge squash player.	Callum O'brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is not a professional squash player from Cambridge.
379	L'éjective uvulaire est un type de son consonantal utilisé dans certaines langues parlées. Le symbole de l'alphabet phonétique international qui représente ce son est .	The uvular ejective is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is.	The uvular ejective is a type of consonantal sound used in some spoken languages. The International Phonetic Alphabet symbol that represents this sound is .	The uvular ejective is a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which represents that sound.	The uvular ejective is not a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is.	The uvular ejective is not a type of consonantal sound used in some spoken languages. The International Phonetic Alphabet symbol that represents this sound is .
5036	Les étudiants sont desservis par le district scolaire de Peyton 23JT dans la zone de Peyton et par le district scolaire Falcon 49 dans la zone de Colorado Springs et les environs de Falcon.	Students are served by Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and by Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and nearby areas of Falcon.	Students are served by Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and Falcon area.	The students are served by the Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and the Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and the nearby areas of Falcon.	Students are not served by Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and by Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and nearby areas of Falcon.	Students are not served by Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and Falcon area.
6453	Alexander Baumgartner (né le 27 juin 1841 à Saint-Gall, Suisse ; mort en 1910 à Luxembourg) était poète et auteur d'ouvrages sur l'histoire de la littérature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland; died in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (June 27, 1841, St. Gallen, Switzerland; died 1910, Luxembourg) was a poet and author of works on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born in St. Gall, Switzerland, 27 June 1841; died Luxembourg, 1910) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland; didn't die in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (June 27, 1841, St. Gallen, Switzerland; died 1910, Luxembourg) was not a poet and author of works on the history of literature.
7451	L'autoroute 330 du Wyoming est une route nationale est-ouest assez courte du Wyoming située au nord-ouest du comté de Sheridan et qui dessert la partie centrale de Sheridan.	Wyoming Highway 330 is a fairly short east-west Wyoming State Road located in northwestern Sheridan County that serves the central part of Sheridan.	Wyoming Highway 330 is a fairly short east-west state highway in Wyoming located in northwest Sheridan County serving the central part of Sheridan.	Wyoming Highway 330 is a fairly short east - West Wyoming State Road in northwestern Sheridan County that serves the central part of Sheridan.	Wyoming Highway 330 is not a fairly short east-west Wyoming State Road located in northwestern Sheridan County that serves the central part of Sheridan.	Wyoming Highway 330 is not a fairly short east-west state highway in Wyoming located in northwest Sheridan County serving the central part of Sheridan.
1736	La culture a été introduite en 1880 par Fernando Heydrich à Matanzas à Cuba.	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	The culture was introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	In Cuba its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas.	The cultivation was not introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	The culture was not introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.
2843	Il est né à Constantinople (Istanbul) le 5 mai 1940, et mort à Athènes le 19 novembre 2011 d'un cancer.	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 May 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on May 5, 1940, and died in Athens on November 19, 2011 of cancer.	He was born on 5 May 1940 in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer in Athens on 19 November 2011.	He was not born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 May 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	He was not born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on May 5, 1940, and died in Athens on November 19, 2011 of cancer.
7995	En 2002, la chanson fur sortie par le producteur britannique Vincent Stormfield et reprise comme "Sweet Harmony 02" par Independiente.	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as ``Sweet Harmony 02 ''by Independiente.	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as "Sweet Harmony 02" by Independiente.	In 2002, the song was published by the British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered by Independiente as ''Sweet Harmony 02 ``.	In 2002, the song was not released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as ``Sweet Harmony 02 ''by Independiente.	In 2002, the song was not released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as "Sweet Harmony 02" by Independiente.
6894	Il est sorti par la suite, confirmé comme single de l'album le 15 octobre au Royaume-Uni et le 23 octobre aux États-Unis.	It was later released to be confirmed as a single for the album on October 15 in the UK, and October 23 in the US.	It was subsequently released, confirmed as the album's single on October 15 in the UK and October 23 in the US.	It was later released to be confirmed as a single for the album on 15 October in the UK and on 23 October in the USA.	It was later not released to be confirmed as a single for the album on October 15 in the UK, and October 23 in the US.	It was subsequently not released, confirmed as the album's single on October 15 in the UK and October 23 in the US.
7139	La première section, depuis Hokitika jusqu'à Ruatapu, a été achevée le 9 novembre 1906, et le 1er avril 1909, la ligne complète sur Ross a été ouverte.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909, the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and the full line to Ross was opened on 1 April 1909.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was not completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was not completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909, the complete line on Ross was opened.
5622	Cancellopollia gracilis est une espèce d'escargot de mer, un véritable mollusque gastéropode de la famille des Buccinidae, les buccins marins.	Cancellopollia gracilis is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Cancellopollia gracilis is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk of the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Cancellopollia gracilis is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the marine whelks.	Cancellopollia gracilis is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Cancellopollia gracilis is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk of the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.
6664	Il est bien connu aux États-Unis (Maine, Oregon, Californie) et en Colombie-Britannique (Canada).	It is well known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is well known in the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and Canada (British Columbia).	It is not well known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is not well known in the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).
4025	C'était la sixième question du tournoi et le troisième arrêt de 2013-14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It was the sixth issue of the tournament and the third stop of the 2013 -- 14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It was the sixth question of the tournament and the third stoppage of the 2013-14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It was the sixth edition of the tournament and the third stop of the 2013 -- 14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It was not the sixth issue of the tournament and the third stop of the 2013 -- 14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It was not the sixth question of the tournament and the third stoppage of the 2013-14 IRB Sevens World Series.
2086	Une transition de phase d'un ferromagnétique à un paramagnétique est continue et de second ordre.	A phase transition from a ferromagnet to a paramagnet is continuous and is of second order.	A phase transition from a ferromagnetic to a paramagnetic is continuous and of second order.	Phase transition from a ferromagnet to a paramagnet is continuous and has a second order.	A phase transition from a ferromagnet to a paramagnet is not continuous and is of second order.	A phase transition from a ferromagnetic to a paramagnetic is not continuous and of second order.
3345	Deux ans plus tard, le 25 juillet 1946, la 709e a été renommée le 709e Escadron de bombardement très lourd.	Two years later, on 25 July 1947, the 709th was redesignated the Heavy Bombardment Squadron, Very 709th.	Two years later, on July 25, 1946, the 709th was redesignated the 709th Super Heavy Bombardment Squadron.	Two years later, on July 25, 1947, the 709th was renamed Heavy Bombardment Squadron, very 709th.	Two years later, on 25 July 1947, the 709th was not redesignated the Heavy Bombardment Squadron, Very 709th.	Two years later, on July 25, 1946, the 709th was not redesignated the 709th Super Heavy Bombardment Squadron.
4035	Dans son bureau de Berlin, trois personnages étaient accrochés au mur : Schopenhauer, Maxwell et Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin office, three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In his Berlin study, three figures didn't hange on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin office, three figures didn't hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.
2699	Son nom, Afolabi, signifie " Né dans la richesse ". Son surnom au Nigeria est Robocop à cause de ses mouvements raides.	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means "Born in Wealth". His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, doesn't mean ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, doesn't mean "Born in Wealth". His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.
6693	Peu de temps après son activation, le 99e soutint l'opération Urgent Fury, qui remplaça le régime Stalinien à Grenade.	Shortly after its activation, the 99th supported Operation Urgent Fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada.	Shortly after activation, the 99th supported Operation Urgent Fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Granada.	The 99th supported the operation Urgent Wury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada shortly after its activation.	Shortly after its activation, the 99th didn't support Operation Urgent Fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada.	Shortly after activation, the 99th didn't support Operation Urgent Fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Granada.
453	Les téléphones avec un tel affichage WVGA - la résolution est devenue fréquente. Voici une liste de téléphones mobiles avec écrans natifs.	Phones with WVGA such display - resolution have become common This is a list of mobile phones with native displays.	Phones with such a WVGA display - resolution have become common. Here is a list of mobile phones with native screens.	Mobile phones with WVGA such display resolution have become common. This is a list of phones that have native displays.	Phones with WVGA such display - resolution haven't become common This is a list of mobile phones with native displays.	Phones with such a WVGA display - resolution haven't become common. Here is a list of mobile phones with native screens.
6454	Au XIXe siècle, la critique est allée encore plus loin : le critique baroque John Rushin déclara que la sculpture britannique était non seulement mauvaise, mais aussi corrompue sur le plan moral.	In the nineteenth century, critique went even further: the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the 19th century, criticism went even further: Baroque critic John Rushin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the 19th century, criticism went even further; the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the nineteenth century, critique went even further: the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the 19th century, criticism went even further: Baroque critic John Rushin declared that British sculpture was only bad, but also morally corrupt.
7900	L'observation empirique des effets anti-inflammatoires du GLA montre que les effets réels du DGLA dominent.	The empirical observation of GLA's anti-inflammatory effects argues that the actual effects of DGLA dominate.	Empirical observation of the anti-inflammatory effects of GLA shows that the real effects of DGLA dominate.	The empirical observation of GLA's anti-inflammatory effects argues that DGLA's actual effects dominate.	The empirical observation of GLA's anti-inflammatory effects doesn't argue that the actual effects of DGLA dominate.	Empirical observation of the anti-inflammatory effects of GLA doesn't show that the real effects of DGLA dominate.
2572	Un personnage de " Detection Unlimited ", un roman policier écrit par Armstrong, est comparé à Georgette Heyer.	A character in ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character from "Detection Unlimited", a detective novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Georgette Heyer.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, a character is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character in ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is not compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character from "Detection Unlimited", a detective novel written by Armstrong, is not compared to Georgette Heyer.
1188	Françoise Dürr a battu Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr defeated Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr beat Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr defeated Goolagong Evonne 6: 4, 6: 2	Françoise Dürr didn't defeat Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr didn't beat Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2
2304	Hoppkorv a été le dernier album du groupe de blues-rock américain Hot Tuna et leur septième album studio enregistré chez Grunt Records, sous le nom de Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by American blues-rock band Hot Tuna and their seventh studio album recorded at Grunt Records, under the name Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album of the American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna and their seventh studio album for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was not the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was not the last album by American blues-rock band Hot Tuna and their seventh studio album recorded at Grunt Records, under the name Grunt BFL1-1920.
6	Kathy et son mari Pete Beale (Peter Dean) sont financièrement stables.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are stable financially.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are financially stable.	Kathy and her husband Peter Dean (Pete Beale) are financially stable.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are not stable financially.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are not financially stable.
5601	Il a finalement réalisé dans " Western Republican " l'une des premières collections botaniques publiées en Ohio par un botaniste professionnel.	He eventually made, in ``Western Republican '', one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	He eventually produced in "Western Republican" one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	He eventually made, in the ``Western Republican '', one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	He eventually didn't make , in ``Western Republican '', one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	He eventually didn't produce in "Western Republican" one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.
2240	Les navires de la classe Siegfried étaient globalement longs au niveau de la ligne de flottaison et longs.	The ships of the Siegfried class were long overall at the waterline and long.	The Siegfried-class ships were overall long at the waterline and tall.	The ships of the Siegfried class were overall long and long on the waterline.	The ships of the Siegfried class were not long overall at the waterline and long.	The Siegfried-class ships were not overall long at the waterline and tall.
6715	" Ras " Abbi Addi s'est avancé vers Kassa et a rejoint " Ras " Seyoum au centre.	``Ras ''Abbi Addi advanced to Kassa and joined up with`` Ras'' Seyoum in the center.	"Ras" Abbi Addi advanced towards Kassa and joined "Ras" Seyoum in the middle.	``Ras ''Abbi Addi advanced to Kassa and joined with'' Ras ''Seyoum in the center.	``Ras ''Abbi Addi didn't advance to Kassa and joined up with`` Ras'' Seyoum in the center.	"Ras" Abbi Addi didn't advance towards Kassa and joined "Ras" Seyoum in the middle.
5573	Les catégories I, II, IV et V sont contrôlées "non contrôlées" et la catégorie III est "indique".	Categories I, II, IV and V are controlled ``uncontrolled ''and Category III is'' indicates ''.	Categories I, II, IV and V are controlled "not controlled" and category III is "indicated".	Categories I, II, IV and V are controlled ``uncontrolled ''and category III is`` termed''.	Categories I, II, IV and V are controlled ``uncontrolled ''and Category III is'' not indicates ''.	Categories I, II, IV and V are controlled " controlled" and category III is "indicated".
4494	Garrett Whitley est apparu pour la première fois début juillet. Il est le père criminel de Harper Whitley et Steve Whitley et le frère de Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Garrett Whitley, who is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron, appeared.	Garrett Whitley first didn't appear in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first didn't appear in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.
5519	E est un mérite de première classe et An est le deuxième mérite : le Chinois considère que E est amical, On est chanceux et paisible.	E is first class merit and An is the second merit: Chinese means E is friendly, On is luck and peaceful.	E is a first-class merit and An is the second merit: the Chinese consider E to be friendly, On to be lucky and peaceful.	E is first class merit and An is the second merit; Chinese meant E is friendly, An is luck and peaceful.	E is first class merit and An is the second merit: Chinese doesn't mean E is friendly, On is luck and peaceful.	E is a first-class merit and An is the second merit: the Chinese don't consider E to be friendly, On to be lucky and peaceful.
644	Pour développer la carte de Hoth, les concepteurs ont reçu autant de matériels sources que possible de "The Empire Strikes Back" pour créer une reproduction authentique.	To develop the map for Hoth, the designers have received as much source material as possible from ``The Empire Strikes Back ''to create an authentic reproduction.	To develop the Hoth map, the designers received as much source material as possible from "The Empire Strikes Back" to create an authentic reproduction.	To develop the map for Hoth, the designers obtained as much source material from ``The Empire Strikes Back ''as possible so to create an authentic reproduction.	To develop the map for Hoth, the designers haven't received as much source material as possible from ``The Empire Strikes Back ''to create an authentic reproduction.	To develop the Hoth map, the designers didn't receive as much source material as possible from "The Empire Strikes Back" to create an authentic reproduction.
1946	Nichols se situe au (41.479113 -91.308291) dans la section 15 du comté de Muscatine, à l'extrémité ouest du canton de Pike, Iowa.	Nichols is located (41.479113, -91.308291) in Section 15 of Muscatine County, at the western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	Nichols is located at (41.479113 -91.308291) in Muscatine County Section 15, at the western end of Pike Township, Iowa.	Nichols is located at (41.479113, -91.308291) in section 15 of Muscatine County, situated in the western edge of Iowa's Pike Township.	Nichols is not located (41.479113, -91.308291) in Section 15 of Muscatine County, at the western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	Nichols is not located at (41.479113 -91.308291) in Muscatine County Section 15, at the western end of Pike Township, Iowa.
5557	Malet a épousé Mary Aldworth, veuve de John Aldworth de Letcombe Regis, Berkshire et fille de Thomas White de Fyfield Berkshire en 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire in 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, the widow of John Aldworth by Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire until 1664.	Malet didn't marry Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Malet didn't marry Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire in 1664.
3188	Selon le Bureau du recensement des États-Unis, Southport a une superficie totale composée de terres et , ou 0,91 %, est de l'eau.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area made up of land and , or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area made up of land and , or 0.91%, is water.
3300	La chapelle méthodiste abandonnée est l'un des quelques bâtiments en brique d'Upsall.	The abandoned methodist chapel is one of the few brick buildings in Upsall.	The abandoned Methodist Chapel is one of Upsall's few brick buildings.	The abandoned Methodist chapel is one of the few brick-built buildings in Upsall.	The abandoned methodist chapel is not one of the few brick buildings in Upsall.	The abandoned Methodist Chapel is not one of Upsall's few brick buildings.
3838	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy a remporté la finale 7 - 6 , 7 - 6 contre Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières of Veigy won the final 7 - 6 , 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final with 7-6, 7-6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy didn't win the final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières of Veigy didn't win the final 7 - 6 , 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.
4515	Elle devint la mère de Val, Boris et Rosalind Lorwin, sa fille était professeur de psychologie.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin. Her daughter was a psychology professor.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was not professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was not a professor of psychology.
4635	En même temps, Tong demanda au pape François de rester archevêque de Hong Kong pendant trois ans de plus.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain a Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain Archbishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong didn't ask Pope Francis to remain a Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong didn't ask Pope Francis to remain Archbishop of Hong Kong for three more years.
4434	Il est bien connu aux États-Unis (Maine, Oregon, Californie) et en Colombie-Britannique (Canada).	It is well known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is well known in the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is not well known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is not well known in the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).
3765	Quiconque regarde doit avoir l'impression que l'école est un corps continu, une seule rangée.	Anyone who watches should have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Anyone watching must have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Anyone watching should have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Anyone who watches shouldn't have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Anyone watching must not have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.
1699	Les loyalistes avaient campé sur la rive ouest de la rivière Catawba, tandis que l'armée du Général Charles Cornwalli campait sur la rive est.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The loyalists had camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.	The Loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River while General Charles Cornwalli's army were camped on the east side.	The loyalists hadn't camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The loyalists hadn't camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.
2094	Il collabora avec des architectes contemporains comme Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti et Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects like Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He didn't collaborate with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He didn't collaborate with contemporary architects like Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
2102	Selon le Bureau du recensement des États-Unis, Southport a une superficie totale de laquelle est terre et , ou 0,91%, est de l'eau.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of ​​which is land and , or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of ​​which is land and , or 0.91%, is water.
3338	Lorsqu'on lui a demandé comment prononcer son nom, il a répondu au " Literary Digest " : " Mon nom se prononce comme s'il s'écrivait ' ear ' ; en-house '. "	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest ''My name is pronounced as if`` ear '; en-house'' spelled.	When asked how to pronounce his name, he told the 'Literary Digest': "My name is pronounced as if it were spelled 'ear'; in-house'."	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest`` My name is pronounced as if spelled ''ear'en-house ``.''	Asked how to say his name, he didn't tell ``The Literary Digest ''My name is pronounced as if`` ear '; en-house'' spelled.	When asked how to pronounce his name, he didn't tell the 'Literary Digest': "My name is pronounced as if it were spelled 'ear'; in-house'."
3132	En 2012, Adrian Belew sortit "Treehouse", son sixième enregistrement solo, produit à Nashville, dans le Tennessee par le musicien Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released "Treehouse", his sixth solo recording, produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew ``Treehouse ''released his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew didn't release ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew didn't release "Treehouse", his sixth solo recording, produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.
618	Il se trouve 20 miles au nord-ouest de Roanoke, Virginie et à environ deux miles au sud-est de Glasgow, Virginie.	It is 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and about two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.	It lies 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and approximately two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.	It is 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and about two miles southeast from Glasgow, Virginia.	It is not 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and about two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.	It doesn't lie 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and approximately two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.
5038	Doris, Dūris, ou Dûris, approximativement Duris et aussi connu par son orthographe française Douris, est un village situé officiellement.	Doris, Dūris, or Dûris, approximately Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is a village located formally.	Doris, Dūris, or Dûris, approximately Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is an officially located village.	approximately Doris, Duris, or Dûris, about Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is a village formally located.	Doris, Dūris, or Dûris, approximately Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is not a village located formally.	Doris, Dūris, or Dûris, approximately Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is not an officially located village.
4289	Elle est la veuve de Jake Paltrow et la mère de l'actrice Gwyneth Paltrow et du réalisateur Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is not the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is not the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.
4774	43 personnes furent sauvées, 40 secourues dans des canots de sauvetage et trois par le "Delaware".	43 people were saved, 40 were rescued in the lifeboats and three by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were saved, 40 rescued in lifeboats and three by the "Delaware".	43 people were rescued, 40 in the lifeboats and three saved by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were saved, 40 were not rescued in the lifeboats and three by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were saved, 40 didn't rescue in lifeboats and three by the "Delaware".
4105	Le diocèse catholique romain de Lugazi est un diocèse situé dans la ville de Lugazi dans la province ecclésiastique d'Ouganda à Kampala.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is a diocese, located in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is a diocese located in the town of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical Province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Lugazi is a diocese located in the city of Lugazi in the province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is not a diocese, located in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is not a diocese located in the town of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical Province of Uganda in Kampala.
692	En 1291, Mahaut épousa le comte de Bourgogne, Otton IV , qui était la mère de trois enfants, dont deux filles qui épousèrent les rois de France.	In 1291, Mahaut married the Count of Burgundy, Otto IV, who was mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291 Mahaut married the Count of Burgundy, Otton IV, who was the mother of three children, including two daughters who married the kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy. She became the mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut didn't marry the Count of Burgundy, Otto IV, who was mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291 Mahaut didn't marry the Count of Burgundy, Otton IV, who was the mother of three children, including two daughters who married the kings of France.
1914	Brough and Shatton est une paroisse civile de Hope Valley, dans le district de High Peak du Derbyshire, Angleterre.	Brough and Shatton is a civil parish in Hope Valley in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England.	Brough and Shatton is a civil parish in Hope Valley, in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England.	Brough and Shatton is a municipality in Hope Valley in the Derbyshire High Peak district of England.	Brough and Shatton is not a civil parish in Hope Valley in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England.	Brough and Shatton is not a civil parish in Hope Valley, in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England.
7007	Vermont est bordé au nord de Mitcham, à l'ouest par Nunawading et Forest Hill, au sud par Vermont et à l'est par Wantirna et Ringwood.	Vermont is bordered to the north of Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south by Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont is bordered to the north by Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south by Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont is bordered by Mitcham to the north, Nunawading and Forest Hill to the west, Vermont South to the south and Wantirna and Ringwood to the east.	Vermont is not bordered to the north of Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south by Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont is not bordered to the north by Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south by Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.
157	" T " est similaire à une matrice dont les entrées canoniques se trouvent sur la super-diagonale, sous la forme de Jordan non nulle uniquement.	``T ''is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal, by the Jordan only non-zero form.	"T" is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries lie on the super-diagonal, in the non-zero Jordan form only.	``T ''is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal form of the Jordan non-zero.	``T ''is not similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal, by the Jordan only non-zero form.	"T" is not similar to a matrix whose canonical entries lie on the super-diagonal, in the non-zero Jordan form only.
3372	Après avoir encouragé le renforcement de l'Afrique du Nord, elle retourna à Oran le 18 août pour préparer l'invasion de l'Italie, pour laquelle elle s'embarqua le 5 septembre.	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, she returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she sailed on September 5.	After encouraging the strengthening of North Africa, she returned to Oran on 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she embarked on 5 September.	After ferrying reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy itself, for which she sailed 5 September.	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, she didn't return to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she sailed on September 5.	After encouraging the strengthening of North Africa, she didn't return to Oran on 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she embarked on 5 September.
3708	Parmi les chansons connues et souvent écrites figure "The Hartlepool Monkey", demandé par Alan Wilkinson, un membre initial du groupe.	Known and often written songs include ``The Hartlepool Monkey '', requested by Alan Wilkinson, an early member of the band.	Among the known and often written songs is "The Hartlepool Monkey", requested by Alan Wilkinson, an initial member of the group.	Well known, and often written songs include ``The Hartlepool Monkey ''requested by Alan Wilkinson, an early member of the band.	Known and often written songs don't include ``The Hartlepool Monkey '', requested by Alan Wilkinson, an early member of the band.	Among the known and often written songs is not "The Hartlepool Monkey", requested by Alan Wilkinson, an initial member of the group.
2137	Jools Holland et McEwen ont divorcé en 1995 et elle a épousé depuis le musicien Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995 and she has since married musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician, Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen were not divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen didn't divorce in 1995 and she has since married musician Ned Lambton.
4674	Lovey et Dude Romeo de Green Bay Wisconsin ont publié de nombreux articles en ligne et sur YouTube. Vidéos de puli priant. Originaire de Pittsburgh, Pennsylvanie.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and in YouTube - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo from Green Bay Wisconsin have published numerous articles online and on YouTube. Videos of praying puli. Originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have appeared extensively online and in YouTube videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin haven't published extensively online and in YouTube - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo from Green Bay Wisconsin haven't published numerous articles online and on YouTube. Videos of praying puli. Originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
2460	Alors que le 33e Groupe de chasseurs était inactif, il a été fusionné avec le 33e Groupe tactique en un 33e Groupe de chasseurs tactiques.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was merged with the 33d Tactical Group as a 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	While the 33rd Fighter Group was inactive, it was merged with the 33rd Tactical Group into a 33rd Tactical Fighter Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated with the 33d Tactical Group as the 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was not merged with the 33d Tactical Group as a 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	While the 33rd Fighter Group was inactive, it was not merged with the 33rd Tactical Group into a 33rd Tactical Fighter Group.
7769	Une autre façon de réguler la population de cerfs consiste à contrôler le taux de natalité.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is to control the birth rate.	Another way to regulate the deer population is to control the birth rate.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is to control the fertility rate.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is not to control the birth rate.	Another way to regulate the deer population is not to control the birth rate.
271	Katz est née en Suède en 1947 et a déménagé à New York à l'âge de 1 an.	Katz was born in Sweden in 1947 and moved to New York City at the age of 1.	Katz was born in Sweden in 1947 and moved to New York when she was 1 year old.	Katz was born in 1947 in Sweden and moved to New York at the age of one.	Katz was not born in Sweden in 1947 and moved to New York City at the age of 1.	Katz was not born in Sweden in 1947 and moved to New York when she was 1 year old.
3131	Wright a quitté Chapel Hill, NC pour New York.	Wright moved from Chapel Hill, NC to New York City.	Wright left Chapel Hill, NC for New York.	Wright moved from Chapel Hill, NC to New York.	Wright didn't move from Chapel Hill, NC to New York City.	Wright didn't left Chapel Hill, NC for New York.
7349	La salle de music-hall a tout d'abord été importée de Londres vers Paris en 1862 et est devenue extrêmement populaire avec des danseurs, musiciens, acrobates, magiciens et animaux dressés.	The music hall hall was first imported to Paris from London in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	The music hall was first brought from London to Paris in 1862 and became hugely popular with dancers, musicians, acrobats, magicians and trained animals.	The music hall was first imported from London to Paris in 1862 and became enormously popular with dancers, singers, acrobats and wizards trained animals.	The music hall hall was first not imported to Paris from London in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	The music hall was first not brought from London to Paris in 1862 and became hugely popular with dancers, musicians, acrobats, magicians and trained animals.
2175	Ils ont 13 épines anales douces, 11 à 13 nageoires dorsales molles, 2 épines dorsales et 11 à 13 nageoires anales.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 back spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They have 13 soft anal spines, 11-13 soft dorsal fins, 2 dorsal spines, and 11-13 anal fins.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 dorsal spines, and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They don't have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 back spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They don't have 13 soft anal spines, 11-13 soft dorsal fins, 2 dorsal spines, and 11-13 anal fins.
2248	Les nations de la Macédoine, du Kenya, de l'Azerbaïdjan, de l'Uruguay et du Venezuela ont participé à leurs premiers Jeux olympiques d'hiver.	The nations Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Winter Olympic Games.	The nations of Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Winter Olympics.	The nations of Azerbaijan, Kenya, Macedonia, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Olympic Winter Games.	The nations Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela didn't participate in their first Winter Olympic Games.	The nations of Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela didn't participate in their first Winter Olympics.
3809	Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod et Ruth Wijdenbosch comptent parmi les femmes influentes du Suriname.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch are among Suriname's influential women.	Among Suriname's prominent women are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are not Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch are not among Suriname's influential women.
4529	Toutefois, Madonna, Prince et Michael Jackson ont été des influences sur l'album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson, however, were influenced on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were not influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were not influences on the album.
2416	Il joua au football inter comté en senior avec son club local Adrigole et était membre de l'équipe Cork Gaelic dans les années 60 et 70.	He played senior inter-county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played senior inter county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 70s.	He played Senior Intercounty Football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He didn't play senior inter-county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He didn't play senior inter county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 70s.
375	Le 9 août, Lloyd fut choisi avec 51,1 % des voix. Andy Burnham se classa second avec 29,1 %.	On 9 August Lloyd was selected with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	On August 9, Lloyd was chosen with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham came second with 29.1%.	Lloyd was elected on 9 August with 51.1% of the vote, Andy Burnham second with 29.1%.	On 9 August Lloyd was not selected with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	On August 9, Lloyd was not chosen with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham came second with 29.1%.
3802	Frank James a rejoint une compagnie sécessionniste recrutée pour l'armée locale de Drew Lobbs et a combattu lors de la bataille de Wilson's Creek en août 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company recruited for Drew Lobbs' local army and fought in the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company, recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army and fought in the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James didn't join a secessionist company recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James didn't join a secessionist company recruited for Drew Lobbs' local army and fought in the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.
971	McMillanpassa deux ans à la Royal Medical Corp. à Tidworth -- et plus tard à Didcot, où il dirigea un MRS pour les soldats blessés pendant la guerre de Corée.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he operated an MRS for soldiers injured in Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corps. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for wounded soldiers in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he operated an MRS for soldiers injured in Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years in the Royal Medical Corps. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for wounded soldiers in the Korean War.
4258	Après avoir quitté la Belgique, il a signé pour trois ans avec Bristol City en Australie mais a dû retourner en Angleterre en raison de problèmes de visa.	After leaving Belgium, he signed for three years with Bristol City in Australia, but had to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium he signed for three years with Bristol City in Australia but had to return to England due to visa issues.	After leaving Belgium he signed with Bristol City for three years in Australia but had to return to England due to work visa issues.	After leaving Belgium, he didn't sign for three years with Bristol City in Australia, but had to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium he didn't sign for three years with Bristol City in Australia but had to return to England due to visa issues.
6449	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), un autre étudiant de Hollywood Arts, tombe dans le jacuzzi lors d'un dysfonctionnement d'une machine à surf.	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the jacuzzi, when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Fellow Hollywood Arts student Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef) falls into the hot tub when a surf machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another student at Hollywood Arts, doesn't fall into the jacuzzi, when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Fellow Hollywood Arts student Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef) doesn't fall into the hot tub when a surf machine malfunctions.
7698	Jürgen Melzer a remporté le titre après avoir battu Michał Przysiężny 6 : 4, 6 : 3 lors de la finale.	Jürgen Melzer won the title after defeating Michał Przysiężny in the final with 6: 4, 6: 3.	Jürgen Melzer won the title after beating Michał Przysiężny 6:4, 6:3 in the final.	Jürgen Melzer won the title after defeating Michał Przysiężny 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3 in the final.	Jürgen Melzer didn't win the title after defeating Michał Przysiężny in the final with 6: 4, 6: 3.	Jürgen Melzer didn't win the title after beating Michał Przysiężny 6:4, 6:3 in the final.
4961	Il y a un certain nombre de variations modernes qui composent le Suikinkutsu moderne et la liste ci-dessous montre certaines des possibilités du " Suikinkutsu " traditionnel.	There are a number of modern variations that make up the modern Suikinkutsu ``, and the list below shows some of the possibilities for traditional ''Suikinkutsu``.	There are a number of modern variations that make up modern Suikinkutsu and the list below shows some of the possibilities of traditional "Suikinkutsu".	There are a number of modern variations that form the modern ``suikinkutsu ''. The list below shows some of the possibilities for traditional`` suikinkutsu''.	There are not a number of modern variations that make up the modern Suikinkutsu ``, and the list below shows some of the possibilities for traditional ''Suikinkutsu``.	There are not a number of modern variations that make up modern Suikinkutsu and the list below shows some of the possibilities of traditional "Suikinkutsu".
3911	Toutefois, lorsque le nouveau gouvernement a changé de bord politique, le plan de Cerdà a été rejeté et lorsque le gouvernement local a organisé un concours de projets, que Cerdà a perdu.	However, when the new government changed political sides, Cerdà's plan was rejected and when the local government held a project competition, which Cerdà lost.	However, when the new government changed political tack, Cerdà's plan was rejected and when the local government held a design competition, which Cerdà lost.	However, when the new government changed political sides, Cerdà's plan was discarded and as the local government held a project competition which Cerdà lost.	However, when the new government changed political sides, Cerdà's plan was not rejected and when the local government held a project competition, which Cerdà lost.	However, when the new government changed political tack, Cerdà's plan was not rejected and when the local government held a design competition, which Cerdà lost.
3926	Ce festival est aussi l'occasion pour les participants de renouer avec les espoirs et de partager la tradition, dans une région partagée harmonieusement par les Tamouls des deux pays.	This festival also gives the participants an opportunity to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	This festival is also an opportunity for participants to reconnect with hopes and share tradition, in a region harmoniously shared by the Tamils ​​of the two countries.	This festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and to share tradition, in an area that is harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	This festival also doesn't give the participants an opportunity to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	This festival is not also an opportunity for participants to reconnect with hopes and share tradition, in a region harmoniously shared by the Tamils ​​of the two countries.
153	Les loyalistes campèrent sur la rive ouest de la rivière Catawba, pendant que l'armée du général Charles Cornwalli campa sur la rive est.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.	The loyalists were camped on the west side of Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwallis camped on the eastern side.	The loyalists hadn't camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists didn't camp on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.
7615	Le manga a un jeu vidéo sur la Sega Mega Drive avec le même nom au Japon et en Asie.	The manga has a videogame for the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Japan and Asia.	The manga has a video game on the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Japan and Asia.	The manga has a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	The manga doesn't have a videogame for the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Japan and Asia.	The manga doesn't have a video game on the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Japan and Asia.
4437	Maurice Cossmann, de nom complet Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 septembre 1850 - 17 mai 1924), était un paléontologue et malacologue français.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924), was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name of Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was not a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924), was not a French paleontologist and malacologist.
4694	Il apparut pour la première fois le 5 mars 2010 et pour la dernière fois le 14 mai 2010.	He first appeared on 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 May 2010.	He first appeared on March 5, 2010 and last appeared on May 14, 2010.	He appeared on March 5, 2010 and last on May 14, 2010.	He first didn't appear on 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 May 2010.	He first didn't appear on March 5, 2010 and last appeared on May 14, 2010.
1368	Laurie est un prénom unisexe. Chez les hommes, il peut s'agir d'une forme courte (hypocoristique) de Lawrence ou Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex given name. Among males, it can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex name. In males, it may be a short (hypocoristic) form of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex name that can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence among males.	Laurie is not a unisex given name. Among males, it can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is not a unisex name. In males, it may be a short (hypocoristic) form of Lawrence or Laurence.
3268	C'est une utilisation brillante de lumières violettes et de soleil radieux.	It is a brilliant rendering of purple lights and dramatic sunshine.	It's a brilliant use of purple lights and bright sunshine.	It is a brilliant rendition of purple lights and dramatic sunshine.	It is not a brilliant rendering of purple lights and dramatic sunshine.	It's not a brilliant use of purple lights and bright sunshine.
6441	Les deux version européenne et nord américaine son en anglais.	Both the European version and the North American version are in English language.	Both European and North American versions are in English.	Both the North American version and the European version are in English.	Both the European version and the North American version are not in English language.	Both European and North American versions are not in English.
5686	Un groupe d'experts international et indépendant a examiné l'impact de l'accident et a conclu que personne n'avait été tué ou empoisonné à la suite de l'accident.	An international independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international, independent panel of experts reviewed the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was poisoned or killed as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts didn't examine the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international, independent panel of experts didn't review the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.
766	Dakota City fait partie de la zone statistique métropolitaine de Sioux City, IA -- NE -- SD.	Dakota City is part of the Sioux City, IA -- NE -- SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.	Dakota City is part of the Sioux City, IA--NE--SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.	Dakota City is part of the Metropolitan Statistical Area of Sioux City, IA - NE, SD.	Dakota City is not part of the Sioux City, IA -- NE -- SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.	Dakota City is not part of the Sioux City, IA--NE--SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.
1081	En 1999 et 2003, il est devenu champion en salle avec Jarno Jokihaara et Marko Ritola, et en 2003 il est devenu champion de Finlande.	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he became indoor champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, and in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	He became indoor champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became Finnish champion in 2003.	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he didn't become Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he didn't become indoor champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, and in 2003 he became Finnish champion.
6566	Le pape proposa en 1980 une solution qui a été acceptée par le Chili et rejetée par l'Argentine.	The Pope proposed in 1980 a solution that was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.	The Pope proposed a solution in 1980 which was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.	The Pope proposed a solution accepted by Chile in 1980 and rejected by Argentina.	The Pope didn't propose in 1980 a solution that was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.	The Pope didn't propose a solution in 1980 which was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.
2342	Dans son étude de Berlin, trois personnages étaient accrochés au mur : Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures didn't hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures didn't hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.
2582	Billie Jean König a battu Rosalyn Fairbank 6 - 2, 6 - 1.	Billie Jean König defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Jean Konig defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 - 2, 6 - 1.	Billie Jean King defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Jean König didn't defeat Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Jean Konig didn't defeat Rosalyn Fairbank 6 - 2, 6 - 1.
6497	La station a été créée par la British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey en 1947 en tant que Station F ou « archipel Argentine » sur Winter Island.	The station was founded by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1947 as Station F or Argentine Islands ''on Winter Island.	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1947 as Station F or "Argentina Archipelago" on Winter Island.	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Argentine Islands '', on Winter Island in 1947.	The station was not founded by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1947 as Station F or Argentine Islands ''on Winter Island.	The station was not established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1947 as Station F or "Argentina Archipelago" on Winter Island.
324	Juste après avoir leu le scénario d'Aamir Khan, Mehra accepta de jouer dans "Rang De Basanati".	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra agreed to play in ``Rang De Basanti ''.	Right after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra accepted to play in "Rang De Basanati".	Mehra agreed to act in ``Rang De Basanti ''immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script.	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra didn't agree to play in ``Rang De Basanti ''.	Right after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra didn't accept to play in "Rang De Basanati".
1267	En 2009, Antonio Antonio est devenu le troisième joueur du championnat d'échecs d'Asie continentale et a été le premier joueur de l'histoire des Philippines à se qualifier pour la Coupe du Monde plus tard en 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio became third player in Asia - Continental - Chess - Championship and was the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio became the third player in the Asian Continental Chess Championship and was the first player in Philippine history to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	Antonio finished third in the 2009 Asia Continental Chess Championship and became the first player in the Philippines' history to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio didn't become third player in Asia - Continental - Chess - Championship and was the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio didn't become the third player in the Asian Continental Chess Championship and was the first player in Philippine history to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.
3249	Le film a été un succès commercial et l'un des films les plus politiques de Sergio Sollima et moins performant que les anciens westerns spaghetti de l'ancien réalisateur.	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's westerns.	The film was a commercial success and one of Sergio Sollima's most political films and less successful than the former director's old spaghetti westerns.	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the director's earlier Spaghetti Westerns.	The film was not a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's westerns.	The film was not a commercial success and one of Sergio Sollima's most political films and less successful than the former director's old spaghetti westerns.
2999	Un Khap est un clan, ou un groupe de clans associés, principalement parmi les Jats de l'est de l'Uttar Pradesh et de l'ouest de l'Haryana.	A Khap is a clan, or a group of related clans, mainly among the Jats of eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.	A Khap is a clan, or group of related clans, primarily among the Jats of eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.	A A Khap is a clan or group of related clans, mainly under the jats of the eastern Uttar Pradesh and Western Haryana.	A Khap is not a clan, or a group of related clans, mainly among the Jats of eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.	A Khap is not a clan, or group of related clans, primarily among the Jats of eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.
6030	Il va de San Francisco, en Californie à Manhattan à New York.	It traveled from San Francisco, California to Manhattan, New York.	It goes from San Francisco, California to Manhattan in New York.	It has traveled from San Francisco, California to Manhattan, New York.	It didn't travele from San Francisco, California to Manhattan, New York.	It doesn't go from San Francisco, California to Manhattan in New York.
937	Vermont South est bordé au nord par Mitcham, à l'ouest par Nunawading et Forest Hill, au sud de Vermont et à l'est par Wantirna et Ringwood.	Vermont South is bordered to the north by Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south of Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont South is bordered to the north by Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south by Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont South is bordered by Mitcham to the north, Nunawading and Forest Hill to the west, Vermont to the south and Wantirna and Ringwood to the east.	Vermont South is not bordered to the north by Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south of Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont South is not bordered to the north by Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south by Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.
1217	Agbo a joué pour les clubs de Belgrade FK Rad et FK Obilić en RF Yougoslavie avant de rejoindre les clubs de France et de Turquie.	Agbo played for the Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs to France and Turkey.	Agbo played for Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before joining clubs in France and Turkey.	Agbo played for the Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs in France and Turkey.	Agbo didn't play for the Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs to France and Turkey.	Agbo didn't play for Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before joining clubs in France and Turkey.
5274	Le 20 février 1959, le premier ministre John Diefenbaker termina le projet et les cinq flèches démantelées ont été terminées.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five dismantled Arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker completed the project and the five dismantled spiers were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker finished the project and the five dismantled arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker didn't terminate the project and the five dismantled Arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker didn't complete the project and the five dismantled spiers were completed.
3798	Les œuvres de Zinovjev ont, à ce jour, été interprétées par l'Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra et Avanti !	Zinovjev's works have been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works have, to date, been performed by the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far Zinovjev ’ s works have been performed by the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works haven't been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works haven't , to date, been performed by the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!
6027	Les Championnats de 2007 se sont déroulés du 21 au 28 janvier à Spokane, Washington, à la Spokane Arena et au Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 Championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 Championships were held January 21-28 in Spokane, Washington at Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington, at the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 Championships didn't take place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 Championships were not held January 21-28 in Spokane, Washington at Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.
912	En 1096, il est revenu à Arnoul de Montgomery mais est repassé aux Aumales en 1102, qui le gardèrent jusqu'en 1221.	In 1096 it returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but in 1102 went over to the Aumales, who held it until 1221.	In 1096, it returned to Arnoul de Montgomery but returned to Aumales in 1102, which kept it until 1221.	In 1096 it returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but passed to the Aumales in 1102, who held it until 1221.	In 1096 it didn't return to Arnulf de Montgomery, but in 1102 went over to the Aumales, who held it until 1221.	In 1096, it didn't return to Arnoul de Montgomery but returned to Aumales in 1102, which kept it until 1221.
2697	Dans " Detection Unlimited ", un roman policier écrit par Georgette Heyer, un personnage est comparé à Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared with Armstrong.	In "Detection Unlimited", a detective story written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is not compared with Armstrong.	In "Detection Unlimited", a detective story written by Georgette Heyer, a character is not compared to Armstrong.
4164	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), un autre étudiant de l'Hollywood Arts tombe dans le jacuzzi lors d'une défaillance d'une machine à vague pour le surf.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid) another student at Hollywood Arts falls into the jacuzzi when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another Hollywood Arts student, falls into the hot tub when a surfing wave machine fails.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid) another student at Hollywood Arts doesn't fall into the jacuzzi when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another Hollywood Arts student, doesn't fall into the hot tub when a surfing wave machine fails.
1565	McCarthy est né à Auckland mais a déménagé avec ses parents à San Francisco, Californie à l'âge de quatre ans.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	McCarthy was born in Auckland but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California when he was four years old.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved to San Francisco, California at the age of four years with his parents.	McCarthy was not born in Auckland, but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	McCarthy was not born in Auckland but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California when he was four years old.
4254	Le SPB a une mesure d'hauteur constante (distance de la plaque interne à la plaque externe) d'environ 150 nm, mais son diamètre change pendant le cycle de la cellule, z.	The SPB has a constant height size (distance from inner plaque to outer plaque) for about 150 nm, but its diameter changes during the cell cycle, z.	The SPB has a constant height measurement (distance from the inner plate to the outer plate) of about 150 nm, but its diameter changes during the cell cycle, z.	The SPB has constant height size (the inner plaque to outer plaque distance) for about 150 nm, but its diameter changes during cell cycle, e.g.	The SPB doesn't have a constant height size (distance from inner plaque to outer plaque) for about 150 nm, but its diameter changes during the cell cycle, z.	The SPB doesn't have a constant height measurement (distance from the inner plate to the outer plate) of about 150 nm, but its diameter changes during the cell cycle, z.
5765	Ils ont obtenu un certain succès, donnant des concerts à Melbourne, Geelong et Shepparton.	They achieved some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They achieved some success, performing in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They achieved some success by playing live shows in Shepparton, Geelong and Melbourne.	They didn't achieve some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They didn't achieve some success, performing in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.
672	Quand Kangxi (Hawick Lau) avait 16 ans, il élimina Oboi, le traître et ses alliés.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the Betrayer, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was 16, he eliminated Oboi, the traitor and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the traitor, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he didn't eliminate the Betrayer, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was 16, he didn't eliminate Oboi, the traitor and his allies.
7703	C'est un centre de pèlerinage réputé situé à 78 kilomètres de Dharwad et à 37 kilomètres de Belgaum.	It is a celebrated pilgrimage centre located 78 kilometres from Dharwad and 37 kilometres from Belgaum.	It is a famous pilgrimage center located 78 kilometers from Dharwad and 37 kilometers from Belgaum.	It is a famous pilgrimage centre located 78 kilometres from Dharwad and 37 kilometres from Belgaum.	It is not a celebrated pilgrimage centre located 78 kilometres from Dharwad and 37 kilometres from Belgaum.	It is not a famous pilgrimage center located 78 kilometers from Dharwad and 37 kilometers from Belgaum.
3436	C'était le troisième des trois hôtels de première classe à être construits dans le quartier central des affaires.	This was the third of three first-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	It was the third of three first-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	This was the third of three first-class hotels built in the central business district.	This was not the third of three first-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	It was not the third of three first-class hotels to be built in the central business district.
6934	La lumière "stoppée", dans le contexte d'un milieu EIT, se réfère au transfert "quantique" de photons au système cohérent et inversement.	``Stopped ''light, in the context of an EIT medium, refers to the`` quantum'' transfer of photons to the coherent system and back again.	"Stopped" light, in the context of an EIT medium, refers to the "quantum" transfer of photons to the coherent system and vice versa.	``Stopped ''Light refers in the context of an EIT medium to the`` quantum'' transmission of photons to the coherent system and back.	``Stopped ''light, in the context of an EIT medium, doesn't refer to the`` quantum'' transfer of photons to the coherent system and back again.	"Stopped" light, in the context of an EIT medium, doesn't refer to the "quantum" transfer of photons to the coherent system and vice versa.
2560	La cuisine anglaise dominait la cuisine du début de la colonisation, mais à mesure que de nouveaux immigrants sont  arrivés d'autres pays, d'autres soupes nationales sont devenues de plus en plus populaires.	English cooking dominated early colonial cooking; but as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups gained popularity.	English cuisine dominated the cuisine of early colonization, but as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups became increasingly popular.	Cooking dominated early colonial cuisine, but other national soups gained popularity as new immigrants arrived from other countries.	English cooking didn't dominate early colonial cooking; but as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups gained popularity.	English cuisine didn't dominate the cuisine of early colonization, but as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups became increasingly popular.
2217	Hugh L. Scott avait choisi le lieutenant Carpenter pour organiser et commander la troupe L (composée d'indiens Kiowas, Comanches Apaches) pour la 7e cavalerie.	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott had chosen Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa Indians, Comanche Apaches) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (consisting of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache - Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott hadn't handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott hadn't chosen Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa Indians, Comanche Apaches) for the 7th Cavalry.
675	En 2014, le site a lancé des applications iOS et Android pour la recherche de produits ; les caractéristiques du produit comprennent des évaluations de produits vidéo en direct avec des sessions interactives de questions-réponses.	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features include live video product reviews with interactive question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android apps for product research; product features include live video product reviews with interactive question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search, product features include live - video - product - reviews with interactive questions and answers - sessions.	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features don't include live video product reviews with interactive question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android apps for product research; product features don't include live video product reviews with interactive question-and-answer sessions.
3949	Le premier cours de contremaître des transmissions était en 1951 et les cours actuels sont les 86e et 87e parcours.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the course.	The first signal foreman course was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th courses.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the track.	The first Foreman of Signals course was not in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the course.	The first signal foreman course was not in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th courses.
5921	Le premier cours de contremaître en signalisation eut lieu en 1951 et les 86e et 87e sont les cours actuels.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current running course.	The first signaling foreman course was held in 1951 and the 86th and 87th are the current courses.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current race course.	The first Foreman of Signals course was not in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current running course.	The first signaling foreman course was not held in 1951 and the 86th and 87th are the current courses.
625	L'École de journalisme BBC a été inaugurée comme une série de cours en ligne en juin 2005, avec Vin Ray en tant que directeur exécutif. Son premier directeur était Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC School of Journalism was launched as a series of online courses in June 2005, with Vin Ray as executive director. Its first manager was Kevin Marsh.	In June 2005, the BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning series with Vin Ray as Executive Editor, whose first director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism was not opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC School of Journalism was not launched as a series of online courses in June 2005, with Vin Ray as executive director. Its first manager was Kevin Marsh.
5415	L'île est rocheuse avec des parois abruptes et très peu de sol.	The island is rocky with steep sides and has very little soil.	The island is rocky with steep walls and very little soil.	The island is rocky with steep sides and has little soil.	The island is not rocky with steep sides and has very little soil.	The island is not rocky with steep walls and very little soil.
5940	En tant que compositeur à l'école Française, il apporta une contribution remarquable à la musique d'église impressionniste comme chef d'orchestre.	As a small composer in the French school, he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	As a composer at the French school, he made a remarkable contribution to impressionist church music as a conductor.	A minor composer in the French school, as a conductor he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music.	As a small composer in the French school, he didn't make outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	As a composer at the French school, he didn't make a remarkable contribution to impressionist church music as a conductor.
7021	L'archevêque Seóighe a été consacré le 16 mai 1485 et nommé en 1487 et est décédé le 20 ou 28 décembre 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was consecrated on 16 May 1485 and appointed in 1487, died on 20 or 28 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was consecrated on May 16, 1485 and appointed in 1487 and died on December 20 or 28, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was consecrated on 16 May 1485 and appointed in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 28 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was not consecrated on 16 May 1485 and appointed in 1487, died on 20 or 28 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was not consecrated on May 16, 1485 and appointed in 1487 and died on December 20 or 28, 1501.
393	Si les villageois n'acceptent pas un festin de poon choi, cela signifie, par exemple, qu'un village n'approuve pas ou ne tient pas un mariage particulier.	If villagers do not accept a poon - choi - feast, this means, for example, that a village does not approve or hold a particular marriage.	If the villagers do not accept a poon choi feast, it means, for example, that a village does not approve or hold a particular marriage.	If villagers do not accept a Poon choi feast, it means, for example, that a village does not approve of or hold a particular marriage.	If villagers accept a poon - choi - feast, this means, for example, that a village does not approve or hold a particular marriage.	If the villagers accept a poon choi feast, it means, for example, that a village does not approve or hold a particular marriage.
5398	David David Hayes Prophater a fait office d'animateur et Jeff Scott a dirigé le public en chantant a cappella.	David David Hayes Prophater served as announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an A cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater served as host and Jeff Scott led the audience in singing a cappella.	David Hayes Prophater served as the announcer and Jeff Scott led the audience in a cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater didn't serve as announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an A cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater didn't serve as host and Jeff Scott led the audience in singing a cappella.
641	Selon le Bureau du recensement des État-Unis, Southport a une superficie totale de terres et , ou 0,91 %, est de l'eau.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of ​​land and , or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport is a total area of, which has land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of ​​land and , or 0.91%, is water.
2188	Cependant, dans la véritable continuité, Superman rencontre le Zod actuel pour la première fois dans " Le dernier fils ".	However, in true continuity, Superman meets the current Zod for the first time in ``Last Son ''.	However, in true continuity, Superman first encounters the current Zod in "The Last Son".	In real continuity, Superman in ``Last Son ''meets the current Zod for the first time.	However, in true continuity, Superman doesn't meet the current Zod for the first time in ``Last Son ''.	However, in true continuity, Superman first doesn't encounter the current Zod in "The Last Son".
5968	En 1924, il fut porte-parole invité pour l'ICM de Toronto, en 1932 à Zurich et à Oslo en 1936.	In 1924 he was an invited spokesperson for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	In 1924 he was guest spokesperson for the CIM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Zurich, and in 1936 in Oslo.	In 1924 he was not an invited spokesperson for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	In 1924 he was not guest spokesperson for the CIM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.
2546	En 1966, il créa sa propre galerie à Cork Street à Londres, Leslie Waddington avait le support d'Alex Bernstein, un membre de la dynastie des médias Granada.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966 he established his own gallery in Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, started his own gallery in London's Cork Street, Leslie Waddington had the backing of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington didn't have the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966 he established his own gallery in Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington didn't have the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.
5792	Après la guerre, il joua deux fois pour la Royal Navy contre l'armée, en 1948 et 1949, et contre l'université de Cambridge en 1949.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war he played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the army, in 1948 and in 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, he didn't play twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war he didn't play twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.
345	Il convient également de noter que le code suivant fonctionnerait sans ADL (il lui est appliqué de toute façon).	It's also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is applied to it anyway).	Also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it's applied to it anyway).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied anyway to it).	It's not also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is applied to it anyway).	Also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it's not applied to it anyway).
3319	En novembre 1989, Delaney devint un membre du New York Stock Exchange et était le directeur exécutif senior d'Henderson Brothers, Inc. et Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was senior managing director with Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was the senior executive director of Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was a Senior Managing Director at Henderson Brothers, Inc., and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney didn't become a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was senior managing director with Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney didn't become a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was the senior executive director of Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.
7023	Le jeune frère de Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, est actuellement Président-directeur générale de la Ligue nationale de football depuis 2015.	The younger brother of Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, is currently Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, has currently served as Chairman and CEO of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, is currently the chief operating officer of the National Football League since 2015.	The younger brother of Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, is not currently Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, hasn't currently served as Chairman and CEO of the National Football League since 2015.
2966	Avec son aide, l'armée Aquilonienne est vaincue par celle du royaume rival de Nemedia et occupée.	With his aid the Aquilonian army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the Aquilonian army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the Aquilonian army is defeated and occupied by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia.	With his aid the Aquilonian army is not defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the Aquilonian army is not defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.
7119	Emily Ann Lloyd (née Emily Ann Morelli le 27 mars 1984) est une actrice américaine.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli on March 27, 1984) is an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli March 27, 1984) is an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli; March 27, 1984) is an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli on March 27, 1984) is not an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli March 27, 1984) is not an American actress.
4576	Décrivez d'abord les régions à forte teneur en pollen, plutôt que les zones à faible teneur en pollen.	Describe the areas with high pollen levels first, instead of the areas with low pollen levels.	Outline the high pollen count regions first, rather than the low pollen count areas.	First, describe the areas with high pollen values instead of the areas with low pollen.	 don't describe the areas with high pollen levels first, instead of the areas with low pollen levels.	 don't outline the high pollen count regions first, rather than the low pollen count areas.
5874	Après le milieu des années 70, il s'est tourné vers des paysages traditionnels en apparence et a déconstruit les conventions de la peinture romantique.	After the mid 1970s, he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid-1970s, he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes, deconstructing the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s, he didn't turn to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid-1970s, he didn't turn to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.
1560	La saison 2008 -- 09 des Colorado Avalanche était la 37e saison de la franchise, la 30e dans la Ligue nationale de hockey et la 14e sous le nom de Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche season was the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008-09 Colorado Avalanche season was the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The season 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche was the 37th season of the franchise, 30th at the National Hockey League and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche season was not the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008-09 Colorado Avalanche season was not the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.
3380	Megan Ellison est née dans le comté de Santa Clara, Californie, en tant que fille du milliardaire Larry Ellison, Président d'Oracle Corporation, et de sa femme Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, as the daughter of billionaire Larry Ellison, Chairman of Oracle Corporation, and his wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of billionaire Oracle Corporation chairman Larry Ellison and his ex-wife, Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was not born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was not born in Santa Clara County, California, as the daughter of billionaire Larry Ellison, Chairman of Oracle Corporation, and his wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.
505	Rainbach im Innkreis est une municipalité dans le district de la Haute-Autriche de l'État autrichien de Schärding.	Rainbach im Innkreis is a municipality in the district of Upper Austria of the Austrian state of Schärding.	Rainbach im Innkreis is a municipality in the Upper Austrian district of the Austrian state of Schärding.	Rainbach im Innkreis is a municipality in the district of Upper Austria in the Austrian state of Schärding.	Rainbach i don't m Innkreis is a municipality in the district of Upper Austria of the Austrian state of Schärding.	Rainbach i don't m Innkreis is a municipality in the Upper Austrian district of the Austrian state of Schärding.
3595	Une église paroissiale a été fondée en 1591 mais avec l'afflux de catholiques au XVIIIe siècle, une majorité catholique a été construite.	A parish church was established in 1591, however with an influx of Catholics in the 18th century, a Catholic majority was built.	A parish church was founded in 1591 but with the influx of Catholics in the 18th century a Catholic majority was built.	A parish church was founded in 1591, but with an influx of Catholics in the 18th century a Catholic majority was established.	A parish church was not established in 1591, however with an influx of Catholics in the 18th century, a Catholic majority was built.	A parish church was not founded in 1591 but with the influx of Catholics in the 18th century a Catholic majority was built.
2631	Le film a de nombreux éléments de comédie musicale, avec de longues séquences d'opéra, et a été critiqué pour être plus musical que terrifiant.	The film has many elements of a musical, with lengthy opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than horrific.	The film has many musical comedy elements, with long opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than terrifying.	The film has many elements of a musical, with long opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than terrible.	The film doesn't have many elements of a musical, with lengthy opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than horrific.	The film doesn't have many musical comedy elements, with long opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than terrifying.
3438	Chandler considérait l'ordinateur comme un outil d'apprentissage mais il rejetait l'objectivisme dominant qui reconnaissait les données comme des informations et les informations comme des connaissances.	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler saw the computer as a learning tool but he rejected the dominant objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler considered the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information, and information as knowledge.	Chandler didn't regard the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler didn't see the computer as a learning tool but he rejected the dominant objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.
1936	Piper City a été conçu par Samuel Cross de New York et William A. Piper de Philadelphie en 1867 (5 mars 1820 - 6 juillet 1896).	Piper City was designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Piper City was designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 – July 6, 1896).	Piper City was laid out in 1867 by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper (5 March 1820 -- 6 July 1896) of Philadelphia.	Piper City was not designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Piper City was not designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 – July 6, 1896).
3265	Le rendez-vous a été interrompu par l'arrivée de plusieurs messagers de divers Mardukans puissants ou d'influence de la ville avec plusieurs invitations à dîner pour le prince.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of many messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with various invitations to dinner for the Prince.	The rendezvous was interrupted by the arrival of several messengers from various powerful Mardukans or city influence with several dinner invitations for the prince.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many invitations for dinner for the Prince.	The meeting is not interrupted by the arrival of many messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with various invitations to dinner for the Prince.	The rendezvous was not interrupted by the arrival of several messengers from various powerful Mardukans or city influence with several dinner invitations for the prince.
4355	Ibn Amira est né à Valence , province d'Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born in Valencia, province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born at Valencia in the province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was not born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was not born in Valencia, province of Alzira.
4445	Il se trouve près de Lough Corrib, sur la route N59 vers Oughterard et Clifden, dans le Connemara.	It is near Lough Corrib, on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It is near Lough Corrib on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden in Connemara.	It is close to Lough Corrib, on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It is not near Lough Corrib, on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It is not near Lough Corrib on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden in Connemara.
6348	Au cours de cette première année, Larco Hoyle a reçu quelques conseils de son oncle, Victor Larco Herrera, fondateur du même musée à Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle didn't receive some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle didn't receive some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.
3776	Un événement apparenté a eu lieu au lac Albert Park à Melbourne et a été parrainé par Fox FM (Melbourne, Australie).	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A related event took place at Lake Albert Park in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event was not held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A related event didn't take place at Lake Albert Park in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).
6854	La rivière Jidanul est un affluent de la rivière Jiul de Vest en Roumanie.	The Jidanul River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.	The Jidanul River is a tributary of the Jiul River from Vest in Romania.	The Jidanul River is a tributary of the River Jiul de Vest, Romania.	The Jidanul River is not a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.	The Jidanul River is not a tributary of the Jiul River from Vest in Romania.
883	En 1895, le sud du Gyeongsang a été remplacé par les districts de Jinju à l'ouest et de Dongnae (maintenant Busan) à l'est.	In 1895, southern Gyeongsang was replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (now Busan) to the east.	In 1895, South Gyeongsang was replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (now Busan) in the east.	In 1895, southern Gyeongsang was replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (modern-day Busan) in the east.	In 1895, southern Gyeongsang was not replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (now Busan) to the east.	In 1895, South Gyeongsang was not replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (now Busan) in the east.
7753	L'équipe a réagi aux changements au cours du même match le 19 février au soir suivant.	The team responded to the changes in the same game that next February 19 evening.	The team reacted to the changes in the same match on February 19 the following evening.	The team responded to the changes in the same game that took place next February evening.	The team didn't respond to the changes in the same game that next February 19 evening.	The team didn't react to the changes in the same match on February 19 the following evening.
6279	Elle a ajouté que le viol a eu lieu peu de temps après que ledit incident s'est produit.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She added that the rape took place shortly after said incident happened.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	She didn't add that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She didn't add that the rape took place shortly after said incident happened.
5318	"Taunton Castle" était à Penang le 1er août et à Rio de Janeiro le 31 octobre.	``Taunton Castle ''was at Penang on 1 August and Rio de Janeiro on 31 October.	“Taunton Castle” was in Penang on August 1 and in Rio de Janeiro on October 31.	``Taunton Castle ''was in Penang on August 1 and on October 31 in Rio de Janeiro.	``Taunton Castle ''was not at Penang on 1 August and Rio de Janeiro on 31 October.	“Taunton Castle” was not in Penang on August 1 and in Rio de Janeiro on October 31.
7952	Karen Phillips a entamé une relation avec Steve de Suranne Jones joué.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve of Suranne Jones played.	Karen Phillips started a relationship with Steve from Suranne Jones played.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve played by Suranne Jones.	Karen Phillips didn't begin a relationship with Steve of Suranne Jones played.	Karen Phillips didn't start a relationship with Steve from Suranne Jones played.
4115	Le championnat de 2007 eut lieu entre le 21 et le 28 janvier à Spokane, à Washington, dans la Spokane Arena et le Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championship took place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championship took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington at the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championships took place from 21 to 28 January in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship didn't take place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championship didn't take place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington at the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.
6493	Le titre a été constitué en 1790 par James Grimston, un politicien d'Hertfordshire. Il a ensuite été repris comme Earl of Verulam, un titre qui se porte toujours par ses descendants.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	The title was incorporated in 1790 by James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later taken over as Earl of Verulam, a title still borne by his descendants.	This title was created in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician, who later revived Earl of Verulam, a title that was still held by his descendants.	This title was not made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	The title was not incorporated in 1790 by James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later taken over as Earl of Verulam, a title still borne by his descendants.
1461	Les médailles ont été présentées par Barbara Kendall, membre du CIO, Nouvelle-Zélande, et Carlo Croce, Président de la Fédération mondiale de voile.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC Member, New Zealand, and Carlo Croce, President of the World Sailing Federation.	The medals were handed over by Carlo Croce, IOC - Member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, President of World Sailing.	The medals were not presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were not presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC Member, New Zealand, and Carlo Croce, President of the World Sailing Federation.
6236	Il a travaillé avec des architectes contemporains tels que Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti et Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has worked with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He didn't work together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He hasn't worked with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
6196	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo est un ancien sénateur du Nigéria, qui devint un gouverneur d'État et plus tard, était à la tête du ministère des Communications fédéral du Nigéria.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former Senator of Nigeria, who became a state governor, and later was head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former senator from Nigeria, who became a state governor and later was the head of Nigeria's Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former senator of Nigeria, who was governor and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is not a former Senator of Nigeria, who became a state governor, and later was head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is not a former senator from Nigeria, who became a state governor and later was the head of Nigeria's Federal Ministry of Communications.
7634	Le campus Azusa de l'université Azusa Pacific se trouve dans la San Gabriel Valley, au nord-est de Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is situated in the San Gabriel Valley, located northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
5000	À cette époque, le propriétaire du pays était Leslie Vernon Calcutt, et il consentit un bail de 99 ans à M. Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the country owner was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he granted a 99-year lease to Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was not Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the country owner was not Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he granted a 99-year lease to Mr Johnson.
862	Au début de la saison, il faisait partie de l'alliance " Moving Company " avec Nick, Jeremy, McCrae et Howard.	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	At the start of the season, he was part of the "Moving Company" alliance with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, he was not part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	At the start of the season, he was not part of the "Moving Company" alliance with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard.
5790	Ganj Basoda est une ville de l'état indien du Madhya Pradesh près d'Udaipur.	Ganj Basoda is a town in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Ganj Basoda is a city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Ganj Basoda is a city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Ganj Basoda is not a town in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Ganj Basoda is not a city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.
7343	Le diocèse catholique romain de Lugazi est un diocèse de la ville de Lugazi dans la province ecclésiastique de Kampala, Ouganda.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Lugazi is a diocese in the city of Lugazi in the church province of Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is a diocese of the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical Province of Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is a diocese located in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical province of Kampala in Uganda.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Lugazi is not a diocese in the city of Lugazi in the church province of Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is not a diocese of the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical Province of Kampala, Uganda.
1143	Le degré de distinction entre les tendances protestantes et catholiques au sein de la tradition anglicane fait régulièrement l'objet d'un débat à la fois au sein des églises anglicanes et à travers la communauté anglicane.	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic tendencies within the Anglican tradition is routinely a debate both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican community.	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic leanings within the Anglican tradition is a regular subject of debate both within Anglican churches and across the Anglican community.	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic tendencies within the Anglican tradition is routinely a matter of debate both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican Communion.	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic tendencies within the Anglican tradition is not routinely a debate both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican community.	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic leanings within the Anglican tradition is not a regular subject of debate both within Anglican churches and across the Anglican community.
1466	Le BBC College of Journalism a ouvert en juin 2005 dans le cadre d'une série d'apprentissage en ligne avec Kevin Marsh comme rédacteur en chef et dont le premier directeur était Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor, the first director of which was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism opened in June 2005 as an e-learning series with Kevin Marsh as editor and whose first director was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was not opened in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor, the first director of which was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism didn't open in June 2005 as an e-learning series with Kevin Marsh as editor and whose first director was Vin Ray.
5793	Le chauffeur Alok Nath de la superstar Jackie Shroff n'a pas pu faire son travail et a été remplacé par son fils Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was unable to do his job and was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Alok Nath, the driver of superstar Jackie Shroff, was not able to do his job so that he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not unable to do his job and was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).
6128	En 1964, le diocèse a été théoriquement restauré en tant que titulaire du rang le plus bas (épiscopal).	In 1964, the diocese was nominally restored as titular see of the lowest (episcopal) rank.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally restored as holder of the lowest (episcopal) rank.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally restored as a titular citizen of the lowest (episcopal) rank.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally not restored as titular see of the lowest (episcopal) rank.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally not restored as holder of the lowest (episcopal) rank.
156	Mohammad Shafiq (variantes : Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) peut se référer à	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can't refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may not refer to
752	Le 17 août 1865, la 3e cavalerie de volontaires de New York avec la 16e cavalerie de volontaires de New York fut consolidé en 13e cavalerie provisoire de New York.	On 17 August 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer - Cavalry with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry was consolidated into the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	On August 17, 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer Cavalry with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry was consolidated into the 13th Provisional New York Cavalry.	On August 17, 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer Cavalry was consolidated with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry to form the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	On 17 August 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer - Cavalry with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry was not consolidated into the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	On August 17, 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer Cavalry with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry was not consolidated into the 13th Provisional New York Cavalry.
581	Les polynômes de Gegenbauer apparaissent naturellement comme des extensions des polynômes de Legendre dans le contexte de la théorie du potentiel et de l'analyse harmonique.	The Gegenbauer polynomials appear naturally as extensions of Legendre polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	Gegenbauer polynomials arise naturally as extensions of Legendre polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	The Gegenbauer - polynomials appear as extensions of legend - polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	The Gegenbauer polynomials don't appear naturally as extensions of Legendre polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	Gegenbauer polynomials don't arise naturally as extensions of Legendre polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.
5176	Après l'invasion de la Pologne par l’Allemagne nazie et l'Union soviétique en 1939, Osterwa commença à participer activement à l'éducation clandestine, mais était également malade.	Following the 1939, invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa became active in the underground education but also was ill.	After Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland in 1939, Osterwa began to actively participate in underground education, but was also ill.	Following the invasion of Poland by Nazi - Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa became active in underground education, but was also sick.	Following the 1939, invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa didn't become active in the underground education but also was ill.	After Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland in 1939, Osterwa didn't begin to actively participate in underground education, but was also ill.
7937	Elle fut remarquée comme "a un très grand potentiel et un grand talent et deviendra à l'avenir une personnalité musicale unique".	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She was noted as "has great potential and talent and will become a unique musical personality in the future".	She was observed as ``has a very huge potential and a great talent, and will grow to an unique musical personality in future. ''	She was not observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She was not noted as "has great potential and talent and will become a unique musical personality in the future".
1320	En août 2017, Aluri Chakrapani a également rejoint l'équipe pour jouer le rôle du producteur Prakash Raj.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj as well.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj.	Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team in August 2017, to allegedly play the role of producer Prakash Raj.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also didn't join the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj as well.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also didn't join the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj.
6546	Souvent, le "Colpoda" est un représentant des ciliés en forme de rein dans des conditions riches et organiques.	Often ``Colpoda ''is a kidney-shaped ciliate representative in organic, rich conditions.	Often the "Colpoda" is a representative of the kidney-shaped ciliates in rich, organic conditions.	``Colpoda '', a kidney-shaped ciliate representative in organic rich conditions, is common.	Often ``Colpoda ''is not a kidney-shaped ciliate representative in organic, rich conditions.	Often the "Colpoda" is not a representative of the kidney-shaped ciliates in rich, organic conditions.
7200	En 1937, Donald est devenu copropriétaire de l'équipe de baseball des Toronto Maple Leafs, son fils Ross est devenu le président du club.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became part owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, his son Ross became the club's president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team. His son, Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross didn't become club president.	In 1937, Donald became part owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, his son Ross didn't become the club's president.
4021	Plus tard, Andrew serait les forces de Richard pendant l'attaque sur Adhemar, comte d’Angoulême .	Later, Andrew would be Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Later, Andrew would be with Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême.	Later, during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême, Andrew was to be Richard's forces.	Later, Andrew would not be Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Later, Andrew would not be with Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême.
2341	Au début de la saison, il faisait partie de l'alliance "Moving Company" avec Howard, Jeremy, McCrae et Nick.	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	At the start of the season, he was part of the "Moving Company" alliance with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae and Nick.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, he was not part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	At the start of the season, he was not part of the "Moving Company" alliance with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae and Nick.
5898	Le standard de la race décrit le chien comme ayant un fort tempérament et une forte individualité, méfiant vis-à-vis des étrangers.	The breed standard describes the dog as having a strong temperament and sharp individuality, distrustful of strangers.	The breed standard describes the dog as having a strong temperament and strong individuality, wary of strangers.	The breed standard describes the dog as a strong temperament and a sharp individuality, distrustful of strangers.	The breed standard doesn't describe the dog as having a strong temperament and sharp individuality, distrustful of strangers.	The breed standard doesn't describe the dog as having a strong temperament and strong individuality, wary of strangers.
6210	Dans la nouvelle série TV "Dead Gorgeous", Alexandra Coppinger joua le rôle de la soeur cadette Hazel.	In the new TV-series ''Dead Gorgeous'', Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	In the new TV series "Dead Gorgeous", Alexandra Coppinger played the role of younger sister Hazel.	Alexandra Coppinger played the role of Hazel, the youngest sister, in the new TV series ``Dead Gorgeous ''.	In the new TV-series ''Dead Gorgeous'', Alexandra Coppinger didn't play the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	In the new TV series "Dead Gorgeous", Alexandra Coppinger didn't play the role of younger sister Hazel.
115	L'équipe de Loyang a battu l’institution Raffles au premier tour et l'école secondaire Xinmin en quart de finale avant de perdre face à l'institution Hwa Chong en demi-finale.	The Loyang team defeated the Raffles Institution in the opening round and the Xinmin Secondary School in the quarter-finals before losing to the Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.	Loyang team defeated Raffles Institution in the first round and Xinmin High School in the quarter-finals before losing to Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.	Loyang's team defeated Raffles Institution in the opening round and Xinmin Secondary School in the quarter-finals, before losing to Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.	The Loyang team didn't defeat the Raffles Institution in the opening round and the Xinmin Secondary School in the quarter-finals before losing to the Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.	Loyang team didn't defeat Raffles Institution in the first round and Xinmin High School in the quarter-finals before losing to Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.
3169	En janvier 2013, il a été annoncé qu'après la fermeture d Disney Interactive, Warren Spector avait quitté la Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left the Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.	In January 2013, it was not announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left the Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was not announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios.
6611	Ses feuilles sont disposées de façon alternées le long des branches et sont en forme de lance, d’œuf ou presque circulaires et ont une longue tige.	Its leaves are arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a stalk long.	Its leaves are arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a long stem.	Its leaves are arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a long stem.	Its leaves are not arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a stalk long.	Its leaves are not arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a long stem.
3332	Le campus Azusa de l'université Azusa Pacific se trouve à la San Gabriel Valley, au nord est de Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of Azusa Pacific University is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of Azusa Pacific University is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of Azusa Pacific University is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
1732	On dit qu'Easipower était,	It said that Easipower was,	It is said that Easipower was,	It is said that Easipower was,	It didn't say that Easipower was,	It is not said that Easipower was,
6240	L'école dispose de salles de classe bien entretenues et d'un corps enseignant intelligent, la plupart des classes sont de bonnes classes.	The school has well maintained classrooms and an intelligent faculty, most of the classes are good classes.	The school has well maintained classrooms and an intelligent teaching staff, most classes are good classes.	The school has well maintained classrooms and smart faculty. Most of the classes are good classes.	The school has well maintained classrooms and an intelligent faculty, most of the classes are not good classes.	The school has well maintained classrooms and an intelligent teaching staff, most classes are not good classes.
5574	Il dessert la banlieue sud-est d'Edithvale, Melbourne, qui a ouvert le 20 septembre 1919.	It serves the south-eastern Edithvale suburb of Melbourne opening on September 20, 1919.	It serves the south-eastern suburb of Edithvale, Melbourne, which opened on September 20, 1919.	It serves the south-eastern Edithvale suburb of Melbourne opening on 20 September 1919.	It doesn't serve the south-eastern Edithvale suburb of Melbourne opening on September 20, 1919.	It doesn't serve the south-eastern suburb of Edithvale, Melbourne, which opened on September 20, 1919.
1638	Parmi ceux qui y travaillaient figuraient le professeur Wlodzimierz Zonn, le docteur Jan Gadomski et le professeur Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jan Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, Doctor Jan Gadomski and Professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were Professor Eugeniusz Rybka, Dr. Jan Gadomski and Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn.	Among those who worked there were not professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jan Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were not Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, Doctor Jan Gadomski and Professor Eugeniusz Rybka.
150	Il faisait partie du canton de Hanover, puis du canton de Chatham, avant d'être enregistré en 1899 sous le nom de Florham Park.	It was part of the Hanover Township, then Chatham Township, before being recorded in 1899 as Florham Park.	It was part of Hanover Township, then Chatham Township, before being registered in 1899 as Florham Park.	It was part of Hanover Township, then Chatham Township before being incorporated as Florham Park in 1899.	It was not part of the Hanover Township, then Chatham Township, before being recorded in 1899 as Florham Park.	It was not part of Hanover Township, then Chatham Township, before being registered in 1899 as Florham Park.
3735	La circonscription française du Finistère est une 1ère circonscription dans le département du Finistère.	The French constituency of Finistère is a 1st constituency in the Finistère ``département ''.	The French constituency of Finistère is a 1st constituency in the department of Finistère.	The French legislative constituency of Finistère is a 1st constituency in the Finistère ``département ''.	The French constituency of Finistère is not a 1st constituency in the Finistère ``département ''.	The French constituency of Finistère is not a 1st constituency in the department of Finistère.
747	On ne sait pas s'il est efficace contre d'autres êtres surnaturels, bien qu'il soit inutile contre les anges.	It is unknown whether it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against angels.	It is unknown if it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against Angels.	It is unknown if it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against angels.	It is not unknown whether it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against angels.	It is not unknown if it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against Angels.
617	Le nombre d'incendies signalés au début de février était de 73 dont 26 étaient hors de contrôle et le temps prévu pour contrôler pour être un autre mois d'incendies.	The number of fires reported at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	The number of fires reported in early February was 73 of which 26 were out of control and the expected time to control to be another month of fires.	The number of reported fires in early February was out of control at 73 with 26 and expected time to control another month of fire.	The number of fires didn't report at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	The number of fires reported in early February was not 73 of which 26 were out of control and the expected time to control to be another month of fires.
5535	Thornwood Common est un village situé sur la route B1393, dans la paroisse civile de North Weald Bassett et le district forestier d'Epping dans l'Essex, Angleterre.	Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393 road, in the civil parish of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393 road in the civil parish of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest District in Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393 road, in the commune of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is not a village on the B1393 road, in the civil parish of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is not a village on the B1393 road in the civil parish of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest District in Essex, England.
796	Il a discuté des plus importantes communautés productrices d'art et illustré le travail de 23 des artistes les plus connus.	It discussed the most important art producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the best known artists.	He discussed the most important art-producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the most well-known artists.	It discussed the major art producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the best known artists.	It didn't discuss the most important art producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the best known artists.	He didn't discuss the most important art-producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the most well-known artists.
1379	La Canal Street a été ouverte en 1790 et la rue a été nommée Oxford Canal aux alentours de 1870.	The Canal Street was opened in 1790 and the street was named Oxford Canal around 1870.	Canal Street was opened in 1790 and the street was named Oxford Canal around 1870.	Canal Street was opened in 1790 and the street was named after the 1870 Oxford Canal.	The Canal Street was not opened in 1790 and the street was named Oxford Canal around 1870.	Canal Street was not opened in 1790 and the street was named Oxford Canal around 1870.
4396	La rencontre est interrompue par l'arrivée de divers messagers de divers Mardukans puissants ou influents de la ville avec de nombreuses invitations à dîner pour le prince.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many dinner invitations for the Prince.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with numerous dinner invitations for the prince.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many invitations for dinner for the Prince.	The meeting is not interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many dinner invitations for the Prince.	The meeting is not interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with numerous dinner invitations for the prince.
5314	Jusqu'à l’avènement de la technologie électronique et vidéo numérique, la production en série de films pornographiques était directement liée à l'industrie cinématographique grand public.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was directly linked to the mainstream film industry.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was directly tied to the main film industry.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was not tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was directly not linked to the mainstream film industry.
5264	Madu Kalas est un conseil de village et d'union de Jhelum Tehsil dans la province du Punjab au Pakistan. Il fait partie du district de Jhelum.	Madu Kalas is a village and union council of Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum District.	Madu Kalas is a village and union council in Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum district.	Madu Kalas is a village and union council of Jhelum Tehsil in Pakistan's Punjab province and is part of the Jhelum district.	Madu Kalas is not a village and union council of Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum District.	Madu Kalas is not a village and union council in Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum district.
4955	Le 3 Octobre : Phil Tufnell a battu James Hewitt (en gagnant avec un double 1).	3 October: Phil Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning Dart Double 1)	October 3: Phil Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning with a double 1).	3 October: Phil Tufnell beat James Hewitt (winning dart double 1)	3 October: Phil Tufnell didn't defeat James Hewitt (winning Dart Double 1)	October 3: Phil Tufnell didn't defeat James Hewitt (winning with a double 1).
4134	Le quatrième était dû à la démission de Thomas Kittera, quelque temps après mai 1826, occupé par Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Thomas Kittera sometime after May, 1826, filled by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was due to the resignation of Thomas Kittera, sometime after May 1826, occupied by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was filled by the resignation of Thomas Kittera sometime after May 1826 by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was not in the caused by the resignation of Thomas Kittera sometime after May, 1826, filled by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was not due to the resignation of Thomas Kittera, sometime after May 1826, occupied by Joseph Hemphill.
6263	Armando Santiago (né le 18 juin 1932) est un compositeur canadien, chef d'orchestre, professeur de musique et administrateur universitaire d'origine portugaise.	Armando Santiago (born 18 June 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator, and university administrator of Portuguese birth.	Armando Santiago (born June 18, 1932) is a Portuguese-born Canadian composer, conductor, music teacher and university administrator.	Armando Santiago (born June 18, 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator and university administrator of Portuguese descent.	Armando Santiago (born 18 June 1932) is not a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator, and university administrator of Portuguese birth.	Armando Santiago (born June 18, 1932) is not a Portuguese-born Canadian composer, conductor, music teacher and university administrator.
3044	En utilisant les hypothèses analytiques, le linguiste peut former de nouvelles phrases et créer un manuel de traduction.	Using the analytical hypotheses the linguist can form new sentences and create a translation manual.	Using the analytical hypotheses, the linguist can form new sentences and create a translation manual.	The linguist can use the analytical hypotheses to form new sentences and create a translation manual.	Using the analytical hypotheses the linguist can't form new sentences and create a translation manual.	Using the analytical hypotheses, the linguist can't form new sentences and create a translation manual.
7237	La NVIDIA TITAN V a été officiellement annoncée par Nvidia le 7 décembre 2017.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially announced by Nvidia on 7 December 2017.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially announced by Nvidia on December 7, 2017.	NVIDIA officially announced the Nvidia TITAN V on December 7, 2017.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially not announced by Nvidia on 7 December 2017.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially not announced by Nvidia on December 7, 2017.
1739	C'était le premier des trois hôtels trois étoiles à être construits dans le quartier central d'affaires.	This was the first of three third-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	It was the first of three three-star hotels to be built in the central business district.	This was the first of three third-class hotels built in the central business district.	This was not the first of three third-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	It was not the first of three three-star hotels to be built in the central business district.
5066	Le 29 juillet 1791, Sarah a épousé Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 - 1842) à l'église Saint-Martin de Birmingham et a eu 8 enfants.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 – 1842) at St. Martin's Church, Birmingham and had 8 children.	Sarah Lea married Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) on 29 July, 1791, at St Martin's Church, Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah didn't marry Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah didn't marry Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 – 1842) at St. Martin's Church, Birmingham and had 8 children.
2825	En 1974, la RDP Lao a créé le fonds de phase II avec le soutien de la Banque mondiale, des Nations Unies et de la Banque asiatique de développement.	In 1974 Lao PDR established the Stage II fund with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank.	In 1974, Lao PDR established the Phase II fund with support from the World Bank, United Nations and Asian Development Bank.	In 1974, with the support of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank, Lao PDR founded the Stage II Fund.	In 1974 Lao PDR didn't establish the Stage II fund with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank.	In 1974, Lao PDR didn't establish the Phase II fund with support from the World Bank, United Nations and Asian Development Bank.
1247	Le morceau " Astrud " de l'album de 1987 de Basia Trzetrzelewska " Time and Tide " est un hommage à Gilberto.	The ``Astrud ''track on Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album,`` Time and Tide'', is a tribute to Gilberto.	The track "Astrud" from Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album "Time and Tide" is a tribute to Gilberto.	The ``Astrud ''track on Basia Trzetrzelewska's album`` Time and Tide'' of 1987 is a tribute to Gilberto.	The ``Astrud ''track on Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album,`` Time and Tide'', is not a tribute to Gilberto.	The track "Astrud" from Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album "Time and Tide" is not a tribute to Gilberto.
1666	Il apprend que son corps porte le Shinra Banshou, un parchemin qui contient l'art secret le plus puissant du monde ninja de Nabari.	He learns that his body wears the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that his body carries the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that his body holds the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that bears the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He doesn't learn that his body wears the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He doesn't learn that his body carries the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the ninja world of Nabari.
2149	Sir Thomas Dutton (1er août 1421 -- 23 Septembre 1459) était un chevalier anglais du Moyen Âge. Il était le fils de Sir John Dutton et de Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 – September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 - September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight who was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was not a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 – September 23, 1459) was not an English medieval knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.
5331	Son père est mort dans sa jeunesse et sa mère, Catherine A. Fagan, a épousé Samuel Adams en 1842, qui est devenu gouverneur de l'Arkansas deux ans plus tard.	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who two years later became the governor of Arkansas.	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 didn't marry Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father didn't die in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.
3679	L'éclairage de la peinture du Louvre est plus doux et semble plus chaleureux mais cela peut être dû à la teinte du vernis sur la surface.	The lighting in the Louvre - painting is softer and seems warmer, but this can be the result of the tone of the varnish on the surface.	The lighting in the Louvre painting is softer and seems warmer but this may be due to the tint of the varnish on the surface.	The lighting in the Louvre painting is softer and appears warmer, but this may be the result of the tone of the varnish on the surface.	The lighting in the Louvre - painting is not softer and seems warmer, but this can be the result of the tone of the varnish on the surface.	The lighting in the Louvre painting is not softer and seems warmer but this may be due to the tint of the varnish on the surface.
5407	En May, Spencer McLaren est arrivé en tant que Kieran Fletcher, un intérêt amoureux pour le personnage établi de Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for the established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren didn't arrive as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for the established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren didn't arrive as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).
4206	Le campus était situé à Wan Chai et Sai Kung et a été transféré vers son nouveau site de Kennedy Town en août 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and moved to its new site in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and moved to its new location in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung. In August 2013 the school moved to its new permanent site in Kennedy Town.	The campus was not located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and moved to its new site in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was not located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and moved to its new location in Kennedy Town in August 2013.
3829	Une analyse comparant des millions de clés publiques RSA recueillies sur Internet a été annoncée en 2012 par Augier, Hughes, Lenstra , Bos, Kleinjung et Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys collected from the Internet was announced by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was not announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet was not announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.
3409	Elle était considérée comme " ayant un grand potentiel et un grand talent qui se développera dans le futur en une personnalité musicale unique.	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She was considered to "have great potential and talent that will develop into a unique musical personality in the future.	She was observed as ``has a very great potential and a huge talent and will grow to an unique musical personality in future ''.	She was not observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She was not considered to "have great potential and talent that will develop into a unique musical personality in the future.
7032	Avec une première inscription au Nigerian Stock Exchange, c'est la première société africaine à avoir une liste d'entrée transfrontalière au Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it's the first African company to have a cross-border inward listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With an initial listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it is the first African company to have a cross-border entry listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian stock exchange, it is the first African company to have a cross-border - Inward quotation on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it's not the first African company to have a cross-border inward listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With an initial listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it is not the first African company to have a cross-border entry listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
1370	Bellman est mort le  8 décembre 1931 à Louisville et est enterré au cimetière de Calvary à Louisville, dans le Kentucky.	Bellman died on December 8, 1931 in Louisville and is interred at Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman died on December 8, 1931 in Louisville and is buried in Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman died in Louisville on December 8, 1931, and is buried at the Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman didn't die on December 8, 1931 in Louisville and is interred at Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman didn't die on December 8, 1931 in Louisville and is buried in Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.
6367	" Hymenaea stiginocarpa " se trouve dans le nord, le centre et l'est du Paraguay et au Brésil.	``Hymenaea stiginocarpa ''occurs in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	"Hymenaea stiginocarpa" is found in N, C and E Paraguay and Brazil.	``Hymenaea stiginocarpa ''comes in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	``Hymenaea stiginocarpa '' doesn't occur in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	"Hymenaea stiginocarpa" is not found in N, C and E Paraguay and Brazil.
4927	Après être retourné à Paramaribo en 1954, il s'est installé au Suriname en tant qu'avocat.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Suriname as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled as a lawyer in Suriname.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he didn't settle in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he didn't settle in Suriname as a lawyer.
5482	Le plus jeune frère de Thompson, Julia, est né à Charles Martin Hall, comté de Geauga, Ohio en 1863.	The younger brother of Thompson, Julia, was born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was born in 1863 in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio.	The younger brother of Thompson, Julia, was not born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was not born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.
6300	Le pionnier suisse John Sutter (1803 - 1880) est arrivé en Haute-Californie en août 1839 avec d'autres colons euro-américains.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 together with other euro-American settlers.	Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 along with other Euro-American settlers.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-American settlers in August 1839.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) didn't arrive in Alta California in August 1839 together with other euro-American settlers.	Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) didn't arrive in Alta California in August 1839 along with other Euro-American settlers.
1763	En 2014, le site a lancé des applications iOS et Android pour la recherche de produit ; les fonctionnalités de produit comprennent des évaluations de produit interactives en vidéo avec des sessions de questions-réponses en direct.	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features include interactive video product reviews with live question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android apps for product research; product features include interactive video product reviews with live Q&A sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search, product features include interactive video - product - reviews with live - questions and answers - sessions.	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features don't include interactive video product reviews with live question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android apps for product research; product features don't include interactive video product reviews with live Q&A sessions.
4067	Cela a élargi la zone de conflit entre Rhode Island et la province du Massachusetts.	This enlarged the area of conflict between Rhode Island and the Province of Massachusetts.	This widened the area of ​​conflict between Rhode Island and the Province of Massachusetts.	This widened the area of conflict between Rhode Island and the province of Massachusetts.	This didn't enlarge the area of conflict between Rhode Island and the Province of Massachusetts.	This didn't widen the area of ​​conflict between Rhode Island and the Province of Massachusetts.
4347	En 1933, Cattell écrivit que, de toutes les races européennes, la "race nordique était la plus évoluée en termes d'intelligence et de stabilité de tempérament".	In 1933 Cattell wrote that, of all the European races, the ``Nordic race was the most evolved in intelligence and stability of temperament. ''	In 1933, Cattell wrote that, of all the European races, the "Nordic race was the most evolved in terms of intelligence and stability of temperament".	In 1933, Cattell wrote that, of all European races, the ``Nordic race was the most developed intelligence and stability in temperament.	In 1933 Cattell didn't write that, of all the European races, the ``Nordic race was the most evolved in intelligence and stability of temperament. ''	In 1933, Cattell didn't write that, of all the European races, the "Nordic race was the most evolved in terms of intelligence and stability of temperament".
6955	Hoppkorv était le septième album du groupe américain de rock et de blues Hot Tuna, et leur dernier album a été enregistré en tant que Grunt BFL1-1920 pour Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album of American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by American rock and blues band Hot Tuna, and their final album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was not the seventh album of American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was not the seventh album by American rock and blues band Hot Tuna, and their final album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.
1579	En raison de ces mécanismes peu fiables, les protocoles de transport transactionnel tels que le protocole UDP (User Datagram Protocol) suffisent pour le fonctionnement SIP.	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transactional transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP), are sufficient for SIP operation.	Due to these unreliable mechanisms, transactional transport protocols such as User Datagram Protocol (UDP) are sufficient for SIP operation.	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transaction protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for SIP operation are sufficient.	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transactional transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP), are not sufficient for SIP operation.	Due to these unreliable mechanisms, transactional transport protocols such as User Datagram Protocol (UDP) are not sufficient for SIP operation.
6345	Robert Vincent Goldsborough est né le 3 octobre 1937 à Chicago, fils de l'architecte Robert Goldsborough et de Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was born October 3, 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was born on October 3, 1937 in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Vincent Goldsborough was born in Chicago on October 3, 1937, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was not born October 3, 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was not born on October 3, 1937 in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.
3944	Andy voit Robert et Katie ensemble et le dit à Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.	Andy doesn't see Robert and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Andy doesn't see Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.
1075	L'" IPA " se compose de 500 symboles supplémentaires, 300 symboles de base et 200 symboles supplémentaires.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 supplementary, 300 basic and 200 additional symbols.	The "IPA" consists of 500 additional symbols, 300 base symbols and 200 additional symbols.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 complementary, 300 basic and 200 supplementary symbols.	The ``IPA '' doesn't consist of 500 supplementary, 300 basic and 200 additional symbols.	The "IPA" doesn't consist of 500 additional symbols, 300 base symbols and 200 additional symbols.
3863	La sitomanie et les années 1870 ne s'entendaient pas sur le terme d'" anorexie mentale " et ont remplacé le trouble.	Sitomania and 1870s differed with the term ``Anorexia nervosa ''and replaced the disorder.	Sitomania and the 1870s disagreed on the term "anorexia nervosa" and replaced the disorder.	and 1870s distinguished sitomania with the term ``anorexia nervosa ''and replaced the disorder.	Sitomania and 1870s didn't differ with the term ``Anorexia nervosa ''and replaced the disorder.	Sitomania and the 1870s didn't disagree on the term "anorexia nervosa" and replaced the disorder.
4794	"Aku Ankka" est publié par Sanoma Media (anciennement Sanoma Magazines), qui fait partie de Sanoma.	``Aku Ankka ''is published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	“Aku Ankka” is published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	``Aku Ankka ''is published by Sanoma Media (formerly known as Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	``Aku Ankka ''is not published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	“Aku Ankka” is not published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.
7907	Les Axouchoi était une grande famille d'origine turque, qui était étroitement liée avec la dynastie comnène et fournit un nombre de généraux prestigieux.	The Axouchoi were a prominent family of Turkish origin, which was closely connected with the Komnenian dynasty and provided a number of prestigious generals.	The Axouchoi were a large family of Turkish origin, which was closely linked with the Comnene dynasty and provided a number of prestigious generals.	The Axouchoi were a prominent family of Turkish origin, which was closely associated with the Komnenian dynasty and provided a number of distinguished generals.	The Axouchoi were not a prominent family of Turkish origin, which was closely connected with the Komnenian dynasty and provided a number of prestigious generals.	The Axouchoi were not a large family of Turkish origin, which was closely linked with the Comnene dynasty and provided a number of prestigious generals.
765	Elachista menura est un papillon de nuit de la famille des Elachistidae que l'on trouve dans les régions montagneuses et côtières de la Nouvelle-Galles du Sud et du Queensland.	Elachista menura is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in the mountainous areas and coastal areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is a moth in the family Elachistidae found in mountainous and coastal regions of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is a mother of the Elachistidae family, which is found in the coastal areas and mountainous areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is not a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in the mountainous areas and coastal areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is not a moth in the family Elachistidae found in mountainous and coastal regions of New South Wales and Queensland.
418	Ses meilleures positions dans la compétition ont été huitième en 1960 et dixième en 1968.	His best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	His best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	His best positions in competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	His best positions in the competition were not eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	His best positions in the competition were not eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.
3975	Ses enfants étaient Carolyn et Cynthia (décédée en 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (né en 1971) et Andrew (né en 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (d. 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (b. 1971) and Andrew (b. 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	His children were not Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were not Carolyn and Cynthia (d. 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (b. 1971) and Andrew (b. 1981).
6827	Il a été acheté par Robert Curzon en 1834 au monastère de Saba et vu en 1883 par C. R. Gregory.	It was bought by Robert Curzon in 1834 in the monastery of Saba and saw in 1883 by C. R. Gregory.	It was purchased by Robert Curzon in 1834 from the monastery of Saba and viewed in 1883 by C. R. Gregory.	It was bought by Robert Curzon in 1834 in the monastery of Saba. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.	It was not bought by Robert Curzon in 1834 in the monastery of Saba and saw in 1883 by C. R. Gregory.	It was not purchased by Robert Curzon in 1834 from the monastery of Saba and viewed in 1883 by C. R. Gregory.
4427	Son père était le fils illégitime de William Skipwith, membre du Parlement du Lincolnshire, et d'Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Lincolnshire member of parliament, and Anne Tothby.	His father was not the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was not the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.
1683	Adam Surat (" Force intérieure ") est un film documentaire réalisé par Tareque Masud en 1989 sur le peintre du Bangladesh Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat (``Inner Strength '') is a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat ("Inner Strength") is a 1989 documentary film by Tareque Masud about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat (``The Inner Strength '') is a 1989 Bangladeshi documentary film about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan, directed by Tareque Masud.	Adam Surat (``Inner Strength '') is not a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat ("Inner Strength") is not a 1989 documentary film by Tareque Masud about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.
2187	Il se trouve à l'est de Chestnut Ridge, au sud de Nanuet, à l'ouest de Blauvelt à New-York, et au nord de Montvale et Old Tappan, au New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt in New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is located east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is not east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is not east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt in New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.
394	Au cours des deuxième et troisième années, ils se spécialisent dans une matière principale : sciences humaines, sciences du comportement et sciences sociales, économie et affaires ou sciences de la vie.	In years two and three they specialize in a major: humanities, behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years, they specialize in one main subject: humanities, behavioral sciences and social sciences, economics and business or life sciences.	In the years two and three they specialize in a major subject: humanities, behavioural social sciences, economics, business or life sciences.	In years two and three they don't specialize in a major: humanities, behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years, they don't specialize in one main subject: humanities, behavioral sciences and social sciences, economics and business or life sciences.
7910	Le " lupinus bicolor " a une tige fine et de courtes feuilles palmées et velues.	``Lupinus bicolor ''has a thin stem and short, hairy, palmately-arranged leaves.	"Lupinus bicolor" has a slender stem and short, webbed, hairy leaves.	``Lupinus bicolor ''has a thin stem and short, hairy, palm-like leaves.	``Lupinus bicolor '' doesn't have a thin stem and short, hairy, palmately-arranged leaves.	"Lupinus bicolor" doesn't have a slender stem and short, webbed, hairy leaves.
4894	Au cours de sa présence au DTM, l'Audi V8 a concouru contre les plus petites et légères Mercedes 190, BMW M3 et la légèrement plus petite Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its DTM presence, the Audi V8 competed against the smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and somewhat smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 didn't compete with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its DTM presence, the Audi V8 didn't compete against the smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.
3098	En outre, ils sont physiquement actifs, libres d'apprendre et désireux de découvrir.	In addition, they are physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	Furthermore, they are physically active, free to learn and eager to discover.	In addition, they are actively physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, they are not physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	Furthermore, they are not physically active, free to learn and eager to discover.
7866	Siebenberg a décrit cette chanson comme sa préférée de l'album " parce qu'elle est si pure et si personnelle ".	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described this song as his favorite from the album "because it's so pure and so personal".	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so personal and so pure.	Siebenberg didn't describe the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg didn't describe this song as his favorite from the album "because it's so pure and so personal".
6962	Le secrétariat divisionnaire Katuwana est un secrétariat divisionnaire de la province méridionale du district de Hambantota, Sri Lanka.	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of the Southern Province of Hambantota District, Sri Lanka.	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat in the Southern Province of Hambantota District, Sri Lanka.	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Hambantota District, of Southern Province, Sri Lanka.	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is not a Divisional Secretariat of the Southern Province of Hambantota District, Sri Lanka.	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is not a Divisional Secretariat in the Southern Province of Hambantota District, Sri Lanka.
7855	Le personnage et le casting furent révélés le 20 novembre, quand Fotiou fut publié dans les coulisses d'une vidéo visionnée par les "Neighbours" sur leur chaîne YouTube.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was published behind the scenes in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast were revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was posted behind the scenes in a video viewed by "Neighbors" on their YouTube channel.	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast was not revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was published behind the scenes in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast were not revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was posted behind the scenes in a video viewed by "Neighbors" on their YouTube channel.
5958	Recommande des contrats financiers écrits avec des témoins fiables, bien qu'il y ait litige concernant l'égalité des femmes témoins.	Recommends written financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is a dispute about equality of female witness.	Recommends written financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is litigation regarding the equality of female witnesses.	Recommends written financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is dispute about equality of female testimony.	Recommends donen't write financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is a dispute about equality of female witness.	Recommends donen't write financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is litigation regarding the equality of female witnesses.
7192	Heinz Kohut considérait le moi normal comme une obsession d'une étape grandiose de l'enfance, tandis que d'autres post-Freudiens exploraient le rôle de l'obsession dans l'agression et la criminalité.	Heinz Kohut saw the normal self as a fixation on a grandiose childhood phase, while other post-Freudians explored the role of fixation in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut viewed the normal self as an obsession from a grand stage of childhood, while other post-Freudians explored the role of obsession in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut saw the normal self as a fixation upon a grandiose childhood stage, while other post-Freudians explored the role of fixation in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut didn't see the normal self as a fixation on a grandiose childhood phase, while other post-Freudians explored the role of fixation in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut didn't view the normal self as an obsession from a grand stage of childhood, while other post-Freudians explored the role of obsession in aggression and criminality.
729	Scherer était un investisseur au Thunderbird Hotel, au Las Vegas Club et au Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was investor at the Thunderbird Hotel, at the Las Vegas Club and in the Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was an investor in the Thunderbird Hotel, the Las Vegas Club and the Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was an investor in the Thunderbird Hotel, the Las Vegas Club and the Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was not investor at the Thunderbird Hotel, at the Las Vegas Club and in the Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was not an investor in the Thunderbird Hotel, the Las Vegas Club and the Sahara Hotel.
4949	Nombre des démons rencontrés par Solomon sont grecs, chrétiens, juifs, égyptiens, arabes et d'autres religions.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arab, and other traditions.	Many of the demons encountered by Solomon are Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arab, and other religions.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are not Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arab, and other traditions.	Many of the demons encountered by Solomon are not Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arab, and other religions.
5722	Alors que le 33d Fighter Group était inactif, il fut consolidé en 33d Tactical Fighter Group  avec le 33d Tactical Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated as 33d Tactical Fighter Group with the 33d Tactical Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated into the 33d Tactical Fighter Group with the 33d Tactical Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated with the 33d Tactical Group as the 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was not consolidated as 33d Tactical Fighter Group with the 33d Tactical Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was not consolidated into the 33d Tactical Fighter Group with the 33d Tactical Group.
4329	En revanche, un profit "brut" peut être attribué ou sinon transféré par son propriétaire.	In contrast, a profit ``gross ''can be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	In contrast, a "gross" profit can be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	By contrast, a profit ``in gross ''can be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	In contrast, a profit ``gross '' can't be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	In contrast, a "gross" profit can't be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.
2785	Après son service, Lockhart a vécu en Floride mais a récemment déménagé au Texas.	After his service Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart lived in Florida, but moved recently to Texas.	After his service Lockhart didn't live in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart didn't live in Florida but recently moved to Texas.
4477	Le deuxième rédacteur est Herbert Wessels (depuis 2009), le rédacteur en chef est Markus Ermert (depuis 2002).	Second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), Chief Editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	The second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), the editor-in-chief is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	The second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), chief editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	Second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), Chief Editor is not Markus Ermert (since 2002).	The second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), the editor-in-chief is not Markus Ermert (since 2002).
3625	Son statut de ville satellite de Klang Valley est lié à son emplacement au cœur de Kuala Lumpur, en Malaisie.	Its status as a satellite town of Klang Valley is tied to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite city of Klang Valley is linked to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite town of the Klang Valley is connected to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite town of Klang Valley is not tied to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite city of Klang Valley is not linked to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
178	Ned Lambton et McEwen ont divorcé en 1995. Elle a depuis épousé le musicien Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995, and since then she has married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen didn't divorce in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen didn't divorce in 1995. She has since married musician Jools Holland.
7488	Quand un plus grand nombre d'IE différents est requis, cela entraîne souvent davantage de problèmes de planification de capacité et conduit de manière inhérente à la non-remise de l'IP.	When a higher number of different IEs is required, this often results in more capacity planning problems and inherently leads to a non-delivery of the IP.	When more different IEs are required, this often leads to more capacity planning issues and inherently leads to non-delivery of the IP.	When a higher number of different IEs are required, it often results in more planning problems in capacity and inherently leads to a non-delivery of the IP.	When a higher number of different IEs is required, this often doesn't result in more capacity planning problems and inherently leads to a non-delivery of the IP.	When more different IEs are required, this often doesn't lead to more capacity planning issues and inherently leads to non-delivery of the IP.
7718	Jusqu'à présent, les œuvres de Zinovjev ont été interprétées par l'Orchestre symphonique d'Oulu, l'Orchestre symphonique de Lahti, Kymi Sinfonietta, l'Orchestre symphonique de la radio finlandaise et Avanti !	So far Zinovjev ’ s works have been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far Zinovjev's works have been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works have been so far performed by Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Oulu Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far Zinovjev ’ s works haven't been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far Zinovjev's works haven't been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!
1208	La couleur de capuchon varie, de marron à jaune, souvent avec une tâche marron sur le capuchon à maturité.	The cap color varies from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at maturity.	Cap color varies from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap when mature.	The cap color varies from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at ripeness.	The cap color doesn't vary from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at maturity.	Cap color doesn't vary from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap when mature.
6536	La distribution se concentre principalement sur la musique indépendante et la musique alternative.	The cast is focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The distribution mainly focuses on independent music and alternative music.	The line-up is mainly focused on indie music and alternative music.	The cast is not focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The distribution mainly doesn't focus on independent music and alternative music.
2638	Le Prosipho crassicostatus est une espèce d'escargot de mer, un vrai mollusque gastéropode de la famille des Buccinidae, les bulots marins.	Prosipho crassicostatus is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	The Prosipho crassicostatus is a species of sea snail, a real gastropod mollusk of the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Prosipho crassicostatus is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the marine whelks.	Prosipho crassicostatus is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	The Prosipho crassicostatus is not a species of sea snail, a real gastropod mollusk of the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.
3016	En juillet 2017, Elmer McCurdy était le thème d'un épisode de "The Memory Palace" avec Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the theme of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was not the theme of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was not the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" with Nate DiMeo.
7652	D'après le Bureau du recensement des États-Unis, Kennesaw a une superficie totale de terres et , ou 1,08 %, est de l'eau.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Kennesaw has a total surface area of which land and, or 1.08%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Kennesaw has a total area of ​​land and , or 1.08%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Kennesaw is a total area of, of which is land and or 1.08%, has water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Kennesaw doesn't have a total surface area of which land and, or 1.08%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Kennesaw doesn't have a total area of ​​land and , or 1.08%, is water.
7712	Il a enregistré avec le groupe de Billy Eckstine et en 1946 il a joué avec Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	He didn't record with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He didn't record with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.
4863	Dans les avis ci-dessous, l'évaluation la plus élevée pour l'émission sera en rouge, et la note la plus basse pour l'émission sera en épisode bleu.	In the reviews below will be the highest evaluation for the show in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	In the reviews below, the highest rating for the show will be in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	In the ratings below, the highest rating for the show will be in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	In the reviews below will not be the highest evaluation for the show in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	In the reviews below, the highest rating for the show will not be in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.
23	En astronomie mathématique, sa renommée est due à l'introduction du globe astronomique et ses premières contributions à la compréhension du mouvement des planètes.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and his early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe and his first contributions to the understanding of the motion of the planets.	His fame is due in mathematical astronomy to the introduction of the astronomical globe and to his early contributions to the understanding of the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is not due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and his early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is not due to the introduction of the astronomical globe and his first contributions to the understanding of the motion of the planets.
6159	En signe de respect, les individus soutiennent leurs avant-bras gauches avec leur main droite.	In order to show respect, the individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	As a sign of respect, individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	In order to show respect, individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	In order to show respect, the individuals don't support their left forearms with their right hand.	As a sign of respect, individuals don't support their left forearms with their right hand.
4299	Le personnage et le casting ont été dévoilés le 20 novembre, lorsque Fotiou est sorti dans une vidéo des coulisses vue par " Neighbours " sur leur chaîne YouTube.	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast were revealed on November 20, when Fotiou came out in a behind-the-scenes video seen by 'Neighbors' on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was released on her YouTube channel in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''behind the scenes.	The character and casting was not revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast were not revealed on November 20, when Fotiou came out in a behind-the-scenes video seen by 'Neighbors' on their YouTube channel.
2859	Ils possèdent 13 épines dorsales, 11 à 13 rayons dorsaux, 2 épines anales et 11 à 13 rayons anaux mous.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsale soft rays, 2 anal spines and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11-13 dorsal rays, 2 anal spines and 11-13 soft anal rays.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 anal spines, and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They don't have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsale soft rays, 2 anal spines and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They don't have 13 dorsal spines, 11-13 dorsal rays, 2 anal spines and 11-13 soft anal rays.
6713	La plupart des ghettos d'étudiants modernes sont nés de l'augmentation des inscriptions au niveau post-secondaire après la Seconde Guerre mondiale.	Most modern student ghettos arose from the rise in post-secondary enrollment after World War II.	Most modern student ghettos grew out of post-secondary enrollment increases after World War II.	Most modern student ghettos arose from the rise in post-secondary training after World War II.	Most modern student ghettos didn't arise from the rise in post-secondary enrollment after World War II.	Most modern student ghettos didn't grow out of post-secondary enrollment increases after World War II.
7034	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (également connu sous le nom de Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) est un chef de tribu qui fut gouverneur de Helmand en Afghanistan entre 2001 et 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who was the Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.
2134	L'ancienne danseuse de music-hall de Las Vegas Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) hérite de l'équipe de baseball des Cleveland Indians de son mari décédé, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas music hall dancer Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her late husband, Donald.	The former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) doesn't inherit the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas music hall dancer Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) doesn't inherit the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her late husband, Donald.
1787	Un EP intitulé Dido Live avec trois des dix-sept morceaux live sur le DVD est sorti numériquement exclusivement sur l'iTunes Store le 21 juin 2005.	An EP called Dido Live with three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD was digitally released exclusively on the iTunes Store on June 21, 2005.	An EP titled Dido Live featuring three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD was released digitally exclusively through the iTunes Store on June 21, 2005.	An EP named Dido Live, with three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD, was exclusively released digitally through the iTunes Store on 21 June 2005.	An EP called Dido Live with three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD was digitally not released exclusively on the iTunes Store on June 21, 2005.	An EP titled Dido Live featuring three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD was not released digitally exclusively through the iTunes Store on June 21, 2005.
4780	Il fut aboli avec la redistribution de 1972 et remplaça le Toowoomba East crée.	It was abolished with the redistribution of 1972 and replaced the Toowoomba East created.	It was abolished with the 1972 redistribution and replaced the Toowoomba East created.	It was abolished with the 1972 redistribution, and replaced the created Toowoomba East.	It was not abolished with the redistribution of 1972 and replaced the Toowoomba East created.	It was not abolished with the 1972 redistribution and replaced the Toowoomba East created.
7961	Avec Vinny Testaverde considéré comme débutant, Zolak était en compétition contre Ray pour une tâche de sauvegarde.	With Vinny Testaverde considered the starter, Zolak was competing against Ray Lucas for a backup job.	With Vinny Testaverde considered a starter, Zolak was competing against Ray for a backup task.	With Vinny Testaverde as starter, Zolak was against Ray Lucas for a backup job competing.	With Vinny Testaverde considered the starter, Zolak was not competing against Ray Lucas for a backup job.	With Vinny Testaverde considered a starter, Zolak was not competing against Ray for a backup task.
1015	La saison 2008 - 09 Colorado Avalanche était la 37e saison de l'équipe professionnelle, 30e à la ligue nationale de hockey et 14e en tant que Colorado Avalanche.	The season 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche was the 37th season of the franchise, 30th in the National Hockey League and the 14th as Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008-09 Colorado Avalanche season was the team's 37th professional season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche season was the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The season 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche was not the 37th season of the franchise, 30th in the National Hockey League and the 14th as Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008-09 Colorado Avalanche season was not the team's 37th professional season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.
5118	In 2009, Coolidge a joué un rôle dramatique dans " en tant que Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge took on a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge had a dramatic role in "as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge took a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge didn't take on a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge didn't have a dramatic role in "as Genevieve McDonagh.
1520	Towanda Creek se situe dans la partie sud-ouest du comté de Bradford (41.655805 -76.850706), dans la vallée du canton.	Towanda Creek is located in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the canton valley.	Towanda Creek is in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805 -76.850706), in the valley of the township.	Towanda Creek is located in southwestern Bradford County at (41.655805, -76.850706), in the valley of Canton.	Towanda Creek is not located in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the canton valley.	Towanda Creek is not in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805 -76.850706), in the valley of the township.
7341	La version européenne et la version nord-américaine sont toutes les deux en anglais.	Both the European version and the North American version are in English.	The European version and the North American version are both in English.	The North American version and the European version are available in English.	Both the European version and the North American version are not in English.	The European version and the North American version are not both in English.
4668	À proximité se trouve la rivière Wallowa, un affluent de la rivière Lostine, à l'est des monts Wallowa, au nord-est de l'Oregon.	Nearby is the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains in the northeast of Oregon.	Nearby is the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains in northeastern Oregon.	Nearby is the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains of northeastern Oregon.	Nearby is not the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains in the northeast of Oregon.	Nearby is not the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains in northeastern Oregon.
7637	L'exception se situait entre fin 2005 et 2009, lorsqu'il a joué en Suède avec la Carlstad United BK, en Serbie avec le FC Terek Grozny et en Russie avec le FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, in Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and in Russia with FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was not between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was not between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, in Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and in Russia with FK Borac Čačak.
3796	João Martins Pena et Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena sont nés à Martins Pena à Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena were born in Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born in Rio de Janeiro, to Martins Pena.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was not born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena were not born in Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.
2195	Il a été annoncé le 22 décembre 2011 et est sorti en février 2012.	It was announced on 22 December 2011 and was released in February 2012.	It was announced on December 22, 2011 and released in February 2012.	It was registered on 22 December 2011 and was released in February 2012.	It was not announced on 22 December 2011 and was released in February 2012.	It was not announced on December 22, 2011 and released in February 2012.
2936	Steve Whitley est apparu pour la première fois début juillet. Il est le père criminel de Harper Whitley et Garrett Whitley et le frère de Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Steve Whitley, the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley, and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first didn't appear in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first didn't appear in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.
4262	Roy a adhéré au Parti communiste indien en 1963 et a dirigé des mouvements syndicaux dans la région de Kolkata à Bansdroni.	Roy joined in Communist Party of India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	Roy joined the Communist Party of India in 1963 and led labor movements in the Kolkata area in Bansdroni.	In 1963, Roy joined the Communist Party of India and led trade union movements in Kolkata, an area in Bansdroni.	Roy didn't join in Communist Party of India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	Roy didn't join the Communist Party of India in 1963 and led labor movements in the Kolkata area in Bansdroni.
2348	En 1994, le volume " Aspects of Religion ", publié par Peter Masefield et Donald Wiebe, a été édité en son honneur.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "Aspects of Religion", published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honor.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honour.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was not edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "Aspects of Religion", published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was not published in his honor.
1983	Lloyd a fondé et dirigé son entreprise pour commencer à vendre des jouets et des cadeaux, et il a étendu House of Lloyd, basée à Grandview, Missouri, tandis que l'activité du cadeau se développait.	Lloyd founded and led his business to start selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and ran his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded Grandview, Missouri-based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the Grandview, Missouri based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.	Lloyd doesn't founder and led his business to start selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd doesn't founder and ran his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded Grandview, Missouri-based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.
2290	Erginus galkini est une espèce d'escargot des mers, une véritable patelle, un véritable mollusque gastéropode de la famille des Lottiidae, l'une des familles de patelles marines.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a true gastropod mollusk in the Lottiidae family, one of the families of the Marinelimpets.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a true gastropod mollusc of the family Lottiidae, one of the families of marine limpets.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of marine limpets.	Erginus galkini is not a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a true gastropod mollusk in the Lottiidae family, one of the families of the Marinelimpets.	Erginus galkini is not a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a true gastropod mollusc of the family Lottiidae, one of the families of marine limpets.
5308	Le 7 décembre 2017, NVIDIA a annoncé officiellement la Nvidia TITAN V.	On December 7, 2017 NVIDIA officially announced the Nvidia TITAN V.	On December 7, 2017, NVIDIA officially announced the Nvidia TITAN V.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially announced by Nvidia on 7 December 2017.	On December 7, 2017 NVIDIA officially didn't announce the Nvidia TITAN V.	On December 7, 2017, NVIDIA officially didn't announce the Nvidia TITAN V.
7969	Le régiment gros calibre a été retiré et le régiment d'artillerie standard a conservé le numéro du régiment léger d'origine.	The peak regiment had been removed, and the standard artillery - regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The heavy caliber regiment was withdrawn and the standard artillery regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The howitzer regiment had been removed, and the standard artillery regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The peak regiment hadn't been removed, and the standard artillery - regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The heavy caliber regiment was not withdrawn and the standard artillery regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.
5653	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (également connu sous le nom de Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) est un chef tribal qui, de 2001 à 2005, a été gouverneur du Helmand en Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 served as Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 served as Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.
3147	Une analyse comparant des millions de clés publiques RSA collectées sur Internet a été annoncée en 2012 par Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung et Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys collected from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was not announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet was not announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.
5116	Même si le village de Friendship Heights n'est pas une municipalité établie, il fut établit en 1914 en tant que district fiscal spécial.	Although the Village of Friendship Heights is not an established municipality, it was established in 1914 as a special tax district.	Although the village of Friendship Heights is not an established municipality, it was established in 1914 as a special tax district.	Although not an established municipality, the Village of Friendship Heights was incorporated as a Special Tax District in 1914.	Although the Village of Friendship Heights is an established municipality, it was established in 1914 as a special tax district.	Although the village of Friendship Heights is an established municipality, it was established in 1914 as a special tax district.
7827	Enigmaticolus Monnieri est une espèce d'escargot des mers, un véritable mollusque gastéropode de la famille des Buccinidae, les buccins marins.	Enigmaticolus Monnieri is a sea snail species, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Enigmaticolus Monnieri is a species of sea snail, a real gastropod mollusk of the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Enigmaticolus monnieri is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Enigmaticolus Monnieri is not a sea snail species, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Enigmaticolus Monnieri is not a species of sea snail, a real gastropod mollusk of the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.
622	Les satrapes de l'époque achéménide, toutefois, régnaient sur des territoires plus petits et avaient peut-être moins de prestige et d'influence que leurs prédécesseurs parthes.	The satraps of Achaemenid times, however, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	The satraps of the Achaemenid era, however, ruled over smaller territories and had perhaps less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the satraps of Achaemenid times governed smaller territories, and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	The satraps of Achaemenid times, however, didn't rule smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	The satraps of the Achaemenid era, however, didn't rule over smaller territories and had perhaps less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.
3362	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) était un jeune joueur d'instruments à anche de jazz, actif sur la scène américaine de jazz de la Nouvelle-Orléans.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was a young jazz reed player, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was not an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was not a young jazz reed player, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.
1726	Le film a reçu des critiques négatives mais après sa sortie en VHS et DVD, il est devenu un favori culte avec des commentaires positifs sur Amazon et IMDB.	The film received negative reviews, but after release on VHS and DVD, it became a cult favorite with favorable comments on Amazon and IMDB.	The film received negative reviews but after its release on VHS and DVD, it became a cult favorite with positive reviews on Amazon and IMDB.	The film received negative reviews, but after the release on VHS and DVD, he became a cult favorite with favorable comments on Amazon and IMDB.	The film didn't receive negative reviews, but after release on VHS and DVD, it became a cult favorite with favorable comments on Amazon and IMDB.	The film didn't receive negative reviews but after its release on VHS and DVD, it became a cult favorite with positive reviews on Amazon and IMDB.
5591	L'espèce a été officiellement décrite pour la première fois par le botaniste Stephan Endlicher en 1846 dans le cadre de l'ouvrage " Irideae Plantae Preissianae " de Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work ``Irideae Plantae Preissianae ''by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first officially described by botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work "Irideae Plantae Preissianae" by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work ``Irideae. Plantae Preissianae ''.	The species was first formally not described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work ``Irideae Plantae Preissianae ''by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first officially not described by botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work "Irideae Plantae Preissianae" by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.
2922	La rivière Măgheruş est un affluent de la rivière Giuroc en Roumanie.	The Măgheruş River is a tributary of the River Giuroc in Romania.	The Măgheruş River is a tributary of the Giuroc River in Romania.	The Măgheruş River is a tributary of the Giuroc River in Romania.	The Măgheruş River is not a tributary of the River Giuroc in Romania.	The Măgheruş River is not a tributary of the Giuroc River in Romania.
698	La rivière Bradu est un affluent du fleuve Hudeasa en Roumanie.	The river Bradu is a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The Bradu River is a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The Bradu River is a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The river Bradu is not a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The Bradu River is not a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.
392	À Luzon, les provinces de Catanduanes, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, l'île de Burias et l'île de Ticao Island furent étendues à No.	In Luzon the provinces of Catanduanes, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Burias Island and Ticao Island were extended to No.	In Luzon, the provinces of Catanduanes, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Burias Island and Ticao Island were extended to No.	In Luzon, the provinces of Catanduanes, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Burias Island, and Ticao Island were upgraded to No.	In Luzon the provinces of Catanduanes, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Burias Island and Ticao Island were not extended to No.	In Luzon, the provinces of Catanduanes, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Burias Island and Ticao Island were not extended to No.
3870	Taisuke Sawachika a travaillé avec le guitariste et collaborateur de longue date Kudo sur la chanson "Dose Nara".	Taisuke Sawachika worked with the guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on song ``Dose Nara ''.	Taisuke Sawachika worked with longtime guitarist and collaborator Kudo on the song "Dose Nara".	Taisuke Sawachika worked with guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on the song ``Dōse Nara ''.	Taisuke Sawachika didn't work with the guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on song ``Dose Nara ''.	Taisuke Sawachika didn't work with longtime guitarist and collaborator Kudo on the song "Dose Nara".
1026	Voici une liste de langages de programmation optimisés pour la production sonore, la composition algorithmique et la synthèse sonore.	This is a list of programming languages optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	Here is a list of programming languages ​​optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	This is a list of programming languages that are optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	This is not a list of programming languages optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	Here is not a list of programming languages ​​optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.
4804	Les hiboux typiques sont des oiseaux de proie solitaires de taille petite à grande.	The typical owls are small to large solitary birds of prey.	Typical owls are solitary birds of prey ranging in size from small to large.	The typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey.	The typical owls are not small to large solitary birds of prey.	Typical owls are not solitary birds of prey ranging in size from small to large.
2315	En 1924, il a été porte-parole invité de l'ICM à Toronto, à Oslo en 1932 et à Zurich en 1936.	In 1924 he was an invited spokesman for the ICM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 he was a guest spokesperson for the CIM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in Zurich in 1936.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Oslo, and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 he was not an invited spokesman for the ICM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 he was not a guest spokesperson for the CIM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in Zurich in 1936.
3389	Il a été sélectionné par les 76ers de Philadelphie lors de la 77e série (7e choix au classement général) du draft de la NBA de 1967.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th overall pick) of the 1967 NBA draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick in total) of the NBA - Draft 1967.	He was not selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was not selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th overall pick) of the 1967 NBA draft.
5669	Quand Jack Nitzsche a entendu pour la première fois " Stubborn Kind of Fellow ", il était tellement excité qu'il a perdu le contrôle de sa voiture alors qu'il conduisait sur Sunset Boulevard avec Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard "Stubborn Kind of Fellow", he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow '', he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving the Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was not so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard "Stubborn Kind of Fellow", he was not so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.
7444	Nourhan Manougian, le patriarche arménien de Jérusalem, a déclaré que les Arméniens sont traités comme des " citoyens de troisième classe ".	Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, stated that Armenians are treated as ``third-class citizens. ''	Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, said Armenians are treated as "third class citizens".	The Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, Nourhan Manougian, said that Armenians are being treated as ''third-class citizens.	Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, didn't state that Armenians are treated as ``third-class citizens. ''	Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, didn't say Armenians are treated as "third class citizens".
6473	Mais les Red Bulls ont perdu le 1er tour des playoffs.	But the Red Bulls lost the 1st round of the playoffs.	But the Red Bulls lost the first round of the playoffs.	The Red Bulls made but lost the 1st round of the playoffs.	But the Red Bulls didn't lose the 1st round of the playoffs.	But the Red Bulls didn't lose the first round of the playoffs.
866	Alors que le quantum de Newton "G" indique et la formule 4 est l'état constant des champs de matière.	Whereas ''G ``Newton's quantum indicates and the Formula 4 is the constant state of matter fields.	While Newton's quantum "G" indicates and formula 4 is the constant state of matter fields.	Where ``G ''indicates Newton's quantum and formula _ 4 is the constant state of the matter fields.	Whereas ''G ``Newton's quantum doesn't indicate and the Formula 4 is the constant state of matter fields.	While Newton's quantum "G" doesn't indicate and formula 4 is the constant state of matter fields.
7168	Le tableau suivant compare la performance de la méthode de rendu capable LOD et une méthode brute détaillée (pleine puissance).	The following table compares the performance of the LOD - capable rendering and a brute - detail method (full force).	The following table compares the performance of the render capable LOD method and a detailed raw (full power) method.	The following table compares the performance of LOD aware rendering and a brute detail (full force) method.	The following table doesn't compare the performance of the LOD - capable rendering and a brute - detail method (full force).	The following table doesn't compare the performance of the render capable LOD method and a detailed raw (full power) method.
6147	Après le traitement médical, Strozzi a commencé à prendre des cours de comédie privés auprès de Josip Freudenreich, comme recommandé par Dimitrija Demeter.	After medical treatment, Strozzi started taking private acting lessons from Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	After the medical treatment, Strozzi began taking private acting lessons from Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	After medical treatment, Strozzi started private acting lessons with Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	After medical treatment, Strozzi didn't start taking private acting lessons from Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	After the medical treatment, Strozzi didn't begin taking private acting lessons from Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.
7890	Quelques comités importants signent le Comité des finances, le Comité du rituel et le Comité d'action sociale.	Some important committees sign the Finance Committee, the Ritual Committee and the Social Action Committee.	A few important committees sign the Finance Committee, the Ritual Committee and the Social Action Committee.	Some important committees include the Ritual Committee, the Social Action Committee, and the Finance Committee.	Some important committees don't sign the Finance Committee, the Ritual Committee and the Social Action Committee.	A few important committees don't sign the Finance Committee, the Ritual Committee and the Social Action Committee.
66	Ce qui suit est une liste des fautes établies par les États qui réglementent la MMA, comme indiqué par la Commission sportive de l'État du Nevada.	The following is a list of fouls established by the states that regulate MMA, as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	The following is a list of fouls established by states that regulate MMA, as reported by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	The following is a list of fouls defined by the states that regulate MMA as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	The following is not a list of fouls established by the states that regulate MMA, as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	The following is not a list of fouls established by states that regulate MMA, as reported by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.
7746	Brown est marié à Brown et réside à Lehi, Utah, les Carol Ewer sont parents de huit enfants.	Brown is married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah, the Carol Ewer are parents of eight children.	Brown is married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah, the Carol Ewers are parents to eight children.	Brown is married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah. The Carol Ewer are the parents of eight children.	Brown is not married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah, the Carol Ewer are parents of eight children.	Brown is not married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah, the Carol Ewers are parents to eight children.
3406	Il y a une île côtière à Cornelius Grinnell Bay, située à l'île de Baffin.	There is a Cornelius Grinnell bay offshore island, located in Baffin Island.	There is a coastal island in Cornelius Grinnell Bay, located in Baffin Island.	It is a Cornelius Grinnell Bay offshore island located in Baffin Island.	There is not a Cornelius Grinnell bay offshore island, located in Baffin Island.	There is not a coastal island in Cornelius Grinnell Bay, located in Baffin Island.
2661	Il laissa dans le deuil son épouse, l'ancienne Barbara Crutchley, ses fils Norman F. Boas et Donald P. Boas et sa fille, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was not survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was not survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.
2829	Une semaine plus tard, il a été transféré à la polyclinique de la même ville, où elle a été opérée avec cœur et s'est rétablie favorablement.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later, he was transferred to the polyclinic in the same city, where she underwent heart surgery and recovered favorably.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated from heart and recovered favorably.	A week later he was not transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later, he was not transferred to the polyclinic in the same city, where she underwent heart surgery and recovered favorably.
4041	La musique jouée tandis que Bob courtise " Blackadder " est " Fantasia on Greensleeves " de Vaughan Williams.	The music performed as Bob courts ``Blackadder ''is Vaughan Williams'`` Fantasia on Greensleeves''.	The music played as Bob woos "Blackadder" is "Fantasia on Greensleeves" by Vaughan Williams.	The music performed as Bob ``Blackadder ''is'' Fantasia on Greensleeves ''by Vaughan Williams.	The music performed as Bob courts ``Blackadder ''is not Vaughan Williams'`` Fantasia on Greensleeves''.	The music played as Bob woos "Blackadder" is not "Fantasia on Greensleeves" by Vaughan Williams.
3115	Le 14 septembre 2006, Lang a signé aux Wizards de Washington et a été lâché par les Wizards en juillet 2017.	On 14 September 2006, Lang was signed by the Washington Wizards and released by the Wizards in July 2017.	On September 14, 2006, Lang signed with the Washington Wizards and was let go by the Wizards in July 2017.	On September 14, 2006, Lang was signed by the Washington Wizards. In July 2017, Lang was released by the Wizards.	On 14 September 2006, Lang was not signed by the Washington Wizards and released by the Wizards in July 2017.	On September 14, 2006, Lang didn't sign with the Washington Wizards and was let go by the Wizards in July 2017.
2538	La station a 7 pistes rouges, 3 pistes bleues, 2 pistes noires et une piste verte.	The resort has 7 red pistes, 3 blue pistes, 2 black pistes and one green piste.	The resort has 7 red runs, 3 blue runs, 2 black runs and one green run.	The resort has 7 red, 3 blue, 2 black and one green pistes.	The resort doesn't have 7 red pistes, 3 blue pistes, 2 black pistes and one green piste.	The resort doesn't have 7 red runs, 3 blue runs, 2 black runs and one green run.
4483	Les rudiments des théories du système peuvent être vus dans "Seasonal Variation of Eskimo" de Julian Steward, qui fut ensuite repris dans le travail de Marcel Mauss.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward's ''Seasonal Variation of Eskimo ``, which was later repeated in Marcel Mauss' work.	The rudiments of system theories can be seen in Julian Steward's "Seasonal Variation of Eskimo", which was later taken up in the work of Marcel Mauss.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward ``Seasonal Variation of Eskimo '', echoed later in Marcel Mauss's work.	The rudiments of the system theories can't be seen in Julian Steward's ''Seasonal Variation of Eskimo ``, which was later repeated in Marcel Mauss' work.	The rudiments of system theories can't be seen in Julian Steward's "Seasonal Variation of Eskimo", which was later taken up in the work of Marcel Mauss.
5137	Ils étaient là pour nous pour prier et ils étaient là pour nous divertir.	They were there for us to pray, and they were there to enjoy us.	They were there for us to pray and they were there to entertain us.	They were there for us to enjoy and they were there for us to pray.	They were not there for us to pray, and they were there to enjoy us.	They were not there for us to pray and they were there to entertain us.
1100	Les morceaux ont été produits par Tommy Lee, avec Michael Beinhorn à la batterie.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee, with Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee and by Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were not produced by Tommy Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were not produced by Tommy Lee, with Michael Beinhorn on drums.
1479	Il est né enfant posthume de Sir Henry Thrale, 1er baronnet ; sa mère était la sœur du brasseur John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer John Lade.	He was born as a child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was not the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was not the sister of brewer John Lade.
684	La route continue vers l'ouest via la 5th Street comme Delphos.	The road continues west through 5th Street as Delphos.	The road continues west via 5th Street as Delphos.	The road continues as Delphos further west through 5th Street.	The road doesn't continue west through 5th Street as Delphos.	The road doesn't continue west via 5th Street as Delphos.
6174	Avec Jean Coralli, Achille Deveria a dessiné Adèle Dumilâtre.	With Jean Coralli Achille Deveria drew Adèle Dumilâtre.	With Jean Coralli, Achille Deveria designed Adèle Dumilâtre.	Achille Deveria drew Adèle Dumilâtre with Jean Coralli.	With Jean Coralli Achille Deveria didn't draw Adèle Dumilâtre.	With Jean Coralli, Achille Deveria didn't design Adèle Dumilâtre.
5462	Alaj est un petit endroit peuplé de la province des Balkans, à l'ouest du Turkménistan, au bord de la mer Caspienne.	Alaja,, is a small populated place in Balkan Province in western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaj is a small populated place in the Balkan Province, western Turkmenistan, by the Caspian Sea.	Alaja, is a small populated place in the Balkan province in western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaja,, is not a small populated place in Balkan Province in western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaj is not a small populated place in the Balkan Province, western Turkmenistan, by the Caspian Sea.
7720	Ses effets peuvent inclure des réactions biochimiques, des réactions du système nerveux central et des changements physiologiques.	Its effects can include biochemical reactions, central nervous system responses, and physiological changes.	Its effects can include biochemical reactions, central nervous system reactions and physiological changes.	Its effects may include biochemical responses, central nervous system reactions, and physiological changes.	Its effects can't include biochemical reactions, central nervous system responses, and physiological changes.	Its effects can't include biochemical reactions, central nervous system reactions and physiological changes.
2365	Bala se tient sur une plaine haute et enneigée, les étés sont chaud, les hivers sont froids.	Bala stands on a high and snowy plain, summers are hot, winters are cold.	Bala stands on a high, snowy plain, summers are hot, winters are cold.	Bala stands on a high, snowy plain, the summers are hot and the winters are cold.	Bala stands on a high and snowy plain, summers are hot, winters are not cold.	Bala stands on a high, snowy plain, summers are hot, winters are not cold.
748	Oaklyn se trouve dans le 6e district du Congrès et fait partie du 1er district législatif du New Jersey.	Oaklyn is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of the 1st State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Oaklyn is in the 6th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 1st Legislative District.	Oaklyn is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 1st state legislative district.	Oaklyn is not located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of the 1st State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Oaklyn is not in the 6th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 1st Legislative District.
5559	ACVM est basé à Glasgow et possède des bureaux à Edimbourg, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester et Milton Keynes.	ACVM is based in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is based in Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is located in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is not based in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is not based in Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.
4076	Nicole Pratt a battu Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3.	Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3	Nicole Pratt beat Kristin Godridge 6-4, 6-3.	Nicole Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 - 3	Nicole Pratt didn't defeat Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3	Nicole Pratt didn't beat Kristin Godridge 6-4, 6-3.
5065	Schliemann a dégagé cinq puits et les a reconnus comme les tombes mentionnées par Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausania.	Schliemann didn't clear five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann didn't clear five shafts and recognized them as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.
7530	Les fonds de démarrage furent fournis par la Fondation Bill & Melinda Gates, le financier Edward W. Scott et l'entrepreneur en technologie George Soros.	Start-up funds came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funds were provided by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	The funds came from the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funds didn't come from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funds were not provided by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott and technology entrepreneur George Soros.
360	Un groupe international indépendant d'experts a examiné l'impact de l'accident et a conclu que personne n'avait été tué ou empoisonné du fait de l'accident.	An international independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An independent international panel of experts reviewed the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the crash.	An international independent group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts didn't examine the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An independent international panel of experts didn't review the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the crash.
2189	Un atoll de France, la Polynésie Niau, est appelée après Greig Aleksey Greig.	An atoll in France, Polynesia Niau is called after Greig Aleksey Greig.	An atoll of France, Polynesia Niau, is named after Greig Aleksey Greig.	An atoll in France, Polynesia Niau is named Aleksey Greig after Greig.	An atoll in France, Polynesia Niau is not called after Greig Aleksey Greig.	An atoll of France, Polynesia Niau, is not named after Greig Aleksey Greig.
5479	Le facteur de normalisation rend l'intégrale sur tout l'espace du carré de la valeur absolue égale à 1.	The normalization factor makes the integral over all space of the square of the absolute value equal to 1.	The normalization factor makes the integral over the whole space of the square of the absolute value equal to 1.	The normalization factor makes the integral equal to 1 over the entire space of the square of the absolute value.	The normalization factor doesn't make the integral over all space of the square of the absolute value equal to 1.	The normalization factor doesn't make the integral over the whole space of the square of the absolute value equal to 1.
5512	Brenda Schultz a battu Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea with 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz didn't defeat Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz didn't defeat Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 6, 7 -- 6.
6803	Bien que les fins de parties de xiangqi exigent une habileté remarquable pour être bien jouées, il y a un certain nombre de coups gagnants et de coups aléatoires très connus.	Though xiangqi endgames require remarkable skill to be played well, there are a number of widely known book wins and book draws.	Although xiangqi endgames require remarkable skill to play well, there are a number of well-known winning moves and random moves.	Although Xiangqi - endgames require remarkable skill to be played well, there are a number of widely known book wins and book draws.	Though xiangqi endgames require remarkable skill to be played well, there are not a number of widely known book wins and book draws.	Although xiangqi endgames require remarkable skill to play well, there are not a number of well-known winning moves and random moves.
4853	Un projet d'eau de la rivière Mandovi redirige et un projet de centrale hydroélectrique entraînerait l'immersion de tout ou partie du Gavali.	A proposed Mandovi River (Mahadayi River) water redirect and project of the hyroelectric power plant would result in immersion of some or all Gavali.	A water project from the Mandovi River redirects and a proposed hydroelectric plant would result in the immersion of all or part of the Gavali.	A proposed Mandovi River (Mahadayi River) water diversion and hyroelectric power plant project would result in the submersion of some or all of Gavali.	A proposed Mandovi River (Mahadayi River) water redirect and project of the hyroelectric power plant wouldn't result in immersion of some or all Gavali.	A water project from the Mandovi River redirects and a proposed hydroelectric plant wouldn't result in the immersion of all or part of the Gavali.
7939	Son nom, " Afolabi ", signifie " Né dans la richesse ". Son surnom au Nigeria est Robocop à cause de ses mouvements raides.	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, "Afolabi", means "Born in Wealth". His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname is in Nigeria Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, doesn't mean ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, "Afolabi", doesn't mean "Born in Wealth". His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.
6253	Depuis 1984, Blake est marié à Patricia Meyer et a deux fils : Ryan (né en 1988) et Dale (né en 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (b. 1988) and Dale (b. 1992).	Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and together they have two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has not been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has not been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (b. 1988) and Dale (b. 1992).
6484	La composition se concentre principalement sur la musique alternative et la musique indépendante.	The line-up is mainly focused on alternative music and indie music.	The composition mainly focuses on alternative music and independent music.	The cast is focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The line-up is mainly not focused on alternative music and indie music.	The composition mainly doesn't focus on alternative music and independent music.
6924	En 1291, Mahaut épousa le comte de Bourgogne Otton IV, épousa la mère de trois enfants, dont deux filles, qui devinrent rois de France.	In 1291, Mahaut married the count de Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291 Mahaut married the Count of Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two daughters, who became kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy. She married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut didn't marry the count de Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291 Mahaut didn't marry the Count of Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two daughters, who became kings of France.
2004	Buccinum pulchellum est une espèce d'escargot de mer, un véritable mollusque gastéropode de la famille des Buccinidae, les buccins marins.	Buccinum pulchellum is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Buccinum pulchellum is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk of the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Buccinum pulchellum is a species of the sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Buccinum pulchellum is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Buccinum pulchellum is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk of the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.
7191	Il a été nommé avocat de l'accusation pour le comté de Williams en 1824, pour le comté de Seneca en 1826 et pour le comté de Sandusky en 1827.	He was appointed accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1827.	He was appointed as a prosecuting attorney for Williams County in 1824, for Seneca County in 1826, and for Sandusky County in 1827.	He was appointed prosecuting attorney for Williams County in 1824, for Seneca County in 1826 and for Sandusky County in 1827.	He was not appointed accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1827.	He was not appointed as a prosecuting attorney for Williams County in 1824, for Seneca County in 1826, and for Sandusky County in 1827.
3742	La vélaire éjective est un son consonantique utilisé dans certaines langues orales. Le symbole dans l'alphabet phonétique international, qui est ce son.	The Velar - Ejective is a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which is this sound.	The ejective velar is a consonant sound used in some oral languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which is this sound.	The velar ejective is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is.	The Velar - Ejective is not a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which is this sound.	The ejective velar is not a consonant sound used in some oral languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which is this sound.
4417	William Llewelyn Williams connu sous le nom de Llewelyn Williams (10 Mars 1867 -- 22 Avril 1922), était un journaliste gallois, avocat et un politicien du parti libéral radical.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and a radical Liberal Party politician.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 -- April 22, 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer, and radical Liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was not a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was not a Welsh journalist, lawyer and a radical Liberal Party politician.
6742	Tim Henman a gagné la finale 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 contre Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman won in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman won the final 6-7, 6-4, 7-6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Tim Henman won 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras in the finals.	Tim Henman didn't win in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman didn't win the final 6-7, 6-4, 7-6 against Pete Sampras.
6948	Andrew McLennan, né Andrew Snoid, est un musicien, chanteur et compositeur néo-zélandais.	Andrew McLennan born Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan, born Andrew Snoid, is a New Zealand musician, singer and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, songwriter and singer.	Andrew McLennan don't born Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan, born Andrew Snoid, is not a New Zealand musician, singer and songwriter.
2066	Michael Liebel Sr. avait 14 ans lorsque ses parents sont venus d'Allemagne, depuis Erie jusqu'en Pennsylvanie.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 when his parents came from Germany, from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came from Erie to Pennsylvania in Germany.	Michael Liebel Sr. was not 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Liebel Sr. was not 14 when his parents came from Germany, from Erie to Pennsylvania.
6916	Gunnar Hansen a commenté : " D'après Tobe et Kim, la raison pour laquelle il portait un masque est que le masque définissait réellement sa personnalité.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: "According to Tobe and Kim, the reason he wore a mask was because the mask actually defined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen didn't comment : ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen didn't comment : "According to Tobe and Kim, the reason he wore a mask was because the mask actually defined his personality.
3714	The Lost Boys est une mini-série docudrame de 1978 produite par la BBC, écrite par Rodney Bennett et réalisée par Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama miniseries produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a docudrama miniseries produced by the BBC in 1978, written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is not a 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is not a 1978 docudrama miniseries produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.
6361	Il a été monté en 1943-1944 par les allemands et a été coulé deux fois par les bombardiers alliés et finalement a été supprimé en 1946-1947.	It was raised in 1943 -- in 1944 by the Germans and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	It was built in 1943-1944 by the Germans and was sunk twice by Allied bombers and finally was removed in 1946-1947.	She was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	It was not raised in 1943 -- in 1944 by the Germans and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	It was not built in 1943-1944 by the Germans and was sunk twice by Allied bombers and finally was removed in 1946-1947.
6284	Une analyse comparant des milions de clés publiques RSA recuillies sur Internet fut annoncée en 2012 par Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung et Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was not announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet was not announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.
5286	Au cours de sa campagne électorale, il a débattu avec McCain, une fois à Tucson et une fois à Flagstaff.	During his election campaign, he twice debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated with McCain, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated McCain twice, once in the flagstaff, and once in Tucson.	During his election campaign, he twice didn't debate McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he didn't debate with McCain, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.
5387	Le lutteur saute alors et se balance vers l'avant pour tomber en arrière et laisser tomber la tête de l'adversaire sur le tapis.	The wrestler then jumps around and swings forward to fall backwards and drop the opponent's head into the mat.	The wrestler then jumps and swings forward only to fall backwards and drop the opponent's head onto the mat.	The wrestler then jumps around and swings forward to fall back and let the opponent's head drop into the mat.	The wrestler then doesn't jump around and swings forward to fall backwards and drop the opponent's head into the mat.	The wrestler then doesn't jump and swings forward only to fall backwards and drop the opponent's head onto the mat.
6282	Après que l'arrêt à Schüptitz a été abandonné en 2011, il a été rétabli suite aux manifestations citoyennes en 2012.	After the stop in Schüptitz had been discontinued in 2011, it was restored after citizens protests in 2012.	After the shutdown at Schüptitz was dropped in 2011, it was reinstated following citizen protests in 2012.	After the stop in Schüptitz had been discontinued in 2011, it was restored after civil protests in 2012.	After the stop in Schüptitz had been discontinued in 2011, it was not restored after citizens protests in 2012.	After the shutdown at Schüptitz was dropped in 2011, it was not reinstated following citizen protests in 2012.
2934	Le Petkeljärvi National Park est un parc national en Finlande dans la région de l'Ilomantsi, en Carélie du Nord.	The Petkeljärvi National Park is a national park in Finland in the region of Ilomantsi in North Karelia.	Petkeljärvi National Park is a national park in Finland in the Ilomantsi region of North Karelia.	Petkeljärvi National Park is a national park in Finland in the Ilomantsi region of North Karelia.	The Petkeljärvi National Park is not a national park in Finland in the region of Ilomantsi in North Karelia.	Petkeljärvi National Park is not a national park in Finland in the Ilomantsi region of North Karelia.
4824	L'espace vert à Hernals représente 59,6 % duquel Hernals couvre le 3e district le plus vert.	Greenspace in Hernals is 59.6%, of which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.	Green space in Hernals accounts for 59.6% of which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.	Greenspace in Hernals is 59.6%, by which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.	Greenspace in Hernals is not 59.6%, of which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.	Green space in Hernals doesn't account for 59.6% of which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.
6943	Les Giants ont perdu face aux Chicago Bears 27 -- 21 et ont obtenu pour la première fois depuis 1976 0 - 6.	The Giants fell on the Chicago Bears 27 -- 21 and were for the first time since 1976 with 0 - 6.	The Giants lost to the Chicago Bears 27-21 and won for the first time since 1976 0-6.	The Giants fell to the Chicago Bears 27 -- 21, and were 0 -- 6 for the first time since 1976.	The Giants didn't fall on the Chicago Bears 27 -- 21 and were for the first time since 1976 with 0 - 6.	The Giants didn't lose to the Chicago Bears 27-21 and won for the first time since 1976 0-6.
6583	Il est cobénéficiaire de la fameuse bourse de mathématiques Carnegie avec Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is a co-beneficiary of the famous Carnegie Mathematics Fellowship with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	With Martin Hansen (Lucas) he is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	He is not co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is not a co-beneficiary of the famous Carnegie Mathematics Fellowship with Lucas (Martin Hansen).
159	Fanwood se trouve dans le 22e district du Congrès et fait partie du 12e district législatif du New Jersey.	Fanwood is located in the 22nd Congressional District and is part of the 12th New Jersey Legislative District.	Fanwood is in the 22nd Congressional District and part of New Jersey's 12th Legislative District.	Fanwood is located in the 22nd Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 12th state legislative district.	Fanwood is not located in the 22nd Congressional District and is part of the 12th New Jersey Legislative District.	Fanwood is not in the 22nd Congressional District and part of New Jersey's 12th Legislative District.
1485	Kapp et MCA étaient les labels avec lesquels Cher a eu le plus de succès dans les années 70 et elle est restée avec eux jusqu'en 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels Cher had the most success with in the 70s and she remained with them until 1974.	Capp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were not the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were not the labels Cher had the most success with in the 70s and she remained with them until 1974.
3862	Le music-hall a d'abord été importé de Paris à Londres en 1862 et est devenu très populaire, avec des danseurs, des chanteurs, des acrobates, des animaux dressés par des magiciens.	The music hall was first imported to London from Paris in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	The music hall was first imported from Paris to London in 1862 and became very popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, animals trained by magicians.	The music hall was first imported from Paris to London in 1862 and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, and mage-trained animals.	The music hall was first not imported to London from Paris in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	The music hall was first not imported from Paris to London in 1862 and became very popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, animals trained by magicians.
3985	La police a également interrogé le chanteur Rimi Tomy et l'actrice Kavya Madhavan, tous deux des amis proches de Siddique et de sa femme Dileep, dans le cadre de l'enquête en cours.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	Police have also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also didn't interview singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	Police haven't also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.
485	La somatothérapie (ou soma) a été créée par les Freire dans les années 70 en tant que thérapie de groupe basée sur la recherche du psychanalyste Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatotherapy (or soma) was created by the Freires in the 1970s as a group therapy based on the research of psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created in the 1970s by the Freire as a group therapy based on the researches of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was not created by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatotherapy (or soma) was not created by the Freires in the 1970s as a group therapy based on the research of psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.
1201	Le facteur de normalisation rend l'absolu sur tout l'espace du carré de la valeur intégrale égal à 1.	The normalization factor makes the absolute over all space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The normalization factor makes the absolute over the whole space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The normalization factor makes absolute over the entire space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The normalization factor doesn't make the absolute over all space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The normalization factor doesn't make the absolute over the whole space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.
5285	Tarang P. Amin a été remplacé par Joey Shamah, qui a été nommé Président, Président-directeur général et Administrateur d'E.l.f. .	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Joey Shamah, who has been appointed as president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Joey Shamah, who was named President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f. .	Tarang P. Amin has been replaced by Joey Shamah, who is President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Amin was not replaced by Joey Shamah, who has been appointed as president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Amin was not replaced by Joey Shamah, who was named President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f. .
2316	Cook Pond, également connu sous le nom de Lac Laurel, se trouve au sud-est de la rivière Taunton et à l'ouest du South Watuppa Pond.	Cook Pond, also formerly known as Laurel Lake, is located south east of the Taunton River and west of the South Watuppa Pond.	Cook Pond, also known as Lake Laurel, is southeast of the Taunton River and west of South Watuppa Pond.	In the south end, Cook Pond, also formerly known as Laurel Lake, is located east of the Taunton River and west of the South Watuppa Pond.	Cook Pond, also formerly known as Laurel Lake, is not located south east of the Taunton River and west of the South Watuppa Pond.	Cook Pond, also known as Lake Laurel, is not southeast of the Taunton River and west of South Watuppa Pond.
6840	Stretch vole la cocaïne a une star de la télé-réalité, qui procure ensuite la limo.	Stretch steals the cocaine from a reality television star, who then procures the limo.	Stretch steals the cocaine from a reality TV star, who then procures the limo.	Stretch steals the cocaine from a reality television star, who then procures the limousine.	Stretch doesn't steal the cocaine from a reality television star, who then procures the limo.	Stretch doesn't steal the cocaine from a reality TV star, who then procures the limo.
4453	Avec le soutien des Nations Unies, de la Banque asiatique de développement et de la Banque mondiale, la RDP Lao a créé le Fonds de la phase II en 1974.	With the support of the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao PDR founded the Stage II fund in 1974.	With support from the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao PDR established the Phase II Fund in 1974.	In 1974 Lao PDR established the Stage II fund with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank.	With the support of the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao PDR doesn't founder the Stage II fund in 1974.	With support from the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao PDR didn't establish the Phase II Fund in 1974.
6047	Il a collaboré avec des architectes contemporains tels que Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti et Francesco Grimaldi.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He didn't collaborate with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He hasn't collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.
277	Il se limite à trois zones très autochtones de Santa Cruz, de la péninsule de Monterey et des comtés de San Luis Obispo.	It is limited to three very native areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is limited to three very indigenous areas of Santa Cruz, the Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo counties.	It is limited to three very native areas located in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is not limited to three very native areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is not limited to three very indigenous areas of Santa Cruz, the Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo counties.
1260	Le temps sert de centre culturel et religieux pour les hindous d'Asie du Sud et les immigrants provenant des pays coréens.	The temple serves as a cultural and religious centre for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from the Korean countries.	The time serves as a cultural and religious center for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from Korean countries.	The temple serves as the cultural and religious center for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from Korean countries.	The temple doesn't serve as a cultural and religious centre for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from the Korean countries.	The time doesn't serve as a cultural and religious center for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from Korean countries.
5567	Ils étaient courants au Royaume-Uni mais relativement rares en Europe, du moins pour les grosses locomotives.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	They were common in the UK but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but in Europe, at least for large locomotives, it is relatively rare.	These were not common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	They were not common in the UK but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.
1610	L'abies lasiocarpa, communément appelé sapin subalpin ou sapin des montagnes Rocheuses, est un sapin de l'ouest de l'Amérique du Nord.	Abies lasiocarpa, commonly called the subalpine fir or Rocky Mountain fir, is a western North American fir tree.	Abies lasiocarpa, commonly known as subalpine fir or Rocky Mountain fir, is a fir tree from western North America.	Abies lasiocarpa, generally called the subalpine fir or Rocky mountain fir tree, is a western North American fir.	Abies lasiocarpa, commonly called the subalpine fir or Rocky Mountain fir, is not a western North American fir tree.	Abies lasiocarpa, commonly known as subalpine fir or Rocky Mountain fir, is not a fir tree from western North America.
4935	Kapp et MCA étaient les labels avec lesquels Cher eut le plus de succès dans les années soixante-dix et resta avec eux jusqu'en 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were Cher's most successful labels with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were not the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were not Cher's most successful labels with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.
2823	Comme de nombreuses communautés ethniques en Ouganda, y compris les Langi, Acholi et Alur, les Luo ne pratiquent pas la circoncision rituelle des hommes en tant qu'initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi and Alur, the Luo do not practice ritual male circumcision as an initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of men as initiative.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi and Alur, the Luo practice ritual male circumcision as an initiation.
2787	Les trois premiers hôtels ont été construits en Israël dans les années 80, suivis de l'hôtel " Patio Eilat Resort " en France.	The first three hotels were built in Israel in the 1980s followed by the ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in France.	The first three hotels were built in Israel in the 80s, followed by the "Patio Eilat Resort" hotel in France.	The first three hotels were built in the 1980s in Israel, followed by ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in France.	The first three hotels were not built in Israel in the 1980s followed by the ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in France.	The first three hotels were not built in Israel in the 80s, followed by the "Patio Eilat Resort" hotel in France.
7108	La biographie a été publiée à présent en Grande-Bretagne, aux USA (St Martin's 2013), en Pologne (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), en Hongrie et en Chine.	The biography has now been published in Britain, the USA (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been published in Great Britain, the USA (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been published in Great Britain, the USA (St Martins 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography hasn't now been published in Britain, the USA (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography hasn't now been published in Great Britain, the USA (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.
7801	L'UIF a été formé en 2008 par une fusion entre l'Indoor Football League (IFL) et la United Intense Football League.	The UIF was formed in 2008 by a fusion between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.	The UIF was formed in 2008 by a merger between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.	The UIF was formed in 2008 through a merger between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football league.	The UIF was not formed in 2008 by a fusion between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.	The UIF was not formed in 2008 by a merger between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.
6932	Les salades de mesclun et les plantes à racines n'étaient généralement pas cultivées et ne poussaient que de façon saisonnière quand ils étaient à l'état sauvage.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew seasonally when they were in the wild.	Mesclun salads and root crops were generally uncultivated and only grew seasonally when in the wild.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field greens and root plants were generally cultivated and grew seasonally when they were in the wild.	Mesclun salads and root crops were not generally uncultivated and only grew seasonally when in the wild.
2895	Le campus d'Azusa de l'université du Pacifique se situe dans la vallée de San Gabriel, au nord-est de Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of the University of the Pacific is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, situated northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of the University of the Pacific is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
5770	Le nombre d'incendies signalés début février était de 73, dont 26 étaient hors de contrôle et le temps prévu pour les maîtriser afin d'avoir un autre mois d'incendies.	The number of fires reported at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	The number of fires reported in early February was 73, of which 26 were out of control and time was forecast to bring them under control to have another month of fires.	The number of reported fires in early February was at 73 with 26 out of control, and expected time to control to be another month of fires.	The number of fires didn't report at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	The number of fires reported in early February was not 73, of which 26 were out of control and time was forecast to bring them under control to have another month of fires.
6591	La station a été fournie en 1947 par le sondage des colonies des îles Falkland britanniques en tant que station F ou " Winter Island " sur les îles argentines.	The station was furnished in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or ``Winter Island ''on the Argentine islands.	The station was provided in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Colony Survey as Station F or "Winter Island" on the Argentine Islands.	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Winter Island '', on Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station was not furnished in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or ``Winter Island ''on the Argentine islands.	The station was not provided in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Colony Survey as Station F or "Winter Island" on the Argentine Islands.
6631	La station a été écoutée en Suède, Finlande du sud et des parties d'Europe de l'est.	The station was heard in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of eastern Europe.	The station was listened to in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of eastern Europe.	The station was heard in Sweden, in southern Finland and parts of Eastern Europe.	The station was not heard in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of eastern Europe.	The station was not listened to in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of eastern Europe.
4498	Mats Wilander bat Anders Järryd 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 6, 7 - 5.	Mats Wilander defeats Anders Järryd, 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 7 - 5.	Mats Wilander defeats Anders Jarryd 6-4, 3-6, 6, 7-5.	Mats Wilander defeats Anders Järryd, 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 7 -- 5.	Mats Wilander doesn't defeat Anders Järryd, 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 7 - 5.	Mats Wilander doesn't defeat Anders Jarryd 6-4, 3-6, 6, 7-5.
362	Cet album a été enregistré à Los Angeles, Californie par Aníbal Kerpel, mixé dans les studios de " La Casa " à Los Angeles.	This album was recorded in Los Angeles, California by Aníbal Kerpel, mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles.	This album was recorded in Los Angeles, California by Aníbal Kerpel, mixed at "La Casa" studios in Los Angeles.	The album was recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel and mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles, California.	This album was not recorded in Los Angeles, California by Aníbal Kerpel, mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles.	This album was not recorded in Los Angeles, California by Aníbal Kerpel, mixed at "La Casa" studios in Los Angeles.
2680	Le scénario a été écrit par la collaboratrice de longue date de Dhawan, Anees Bazmee et Rumi Jaffery.	The screenplay was written by Dhawan's longtime collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The screenplay was written by longtime Dhawan collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The script was written by Dhawan's longtime collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The screenplay was not written by Dhawan's longtime collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The screenplay was not written by longtime Dhawan collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.
5258	Taylor est resté actif dans le baseball jusqu'à sa mort en tant que découvreur de talents pour les Atlanta Braves et les White Sox de Chicago et Milwaukee.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a talent scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Chicago and Milwaukee White Sox.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor didn't remain active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Taylor didn't remain active in baseball until his death as a talent scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Chicago and Milwaukee White Sox.
7563	Le film met en scène Jembie Almazan en tant qu'Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz en tant que David et Jonathan Diaz Angulo en tant que Maria.	The film plays Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film doesn't play Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film doesn't star Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.
1366	Ensuite est apparu Iyer dans le film en kannada " Jaggu Dada Dada " avec l'acteur Darshan.	Next appeared Iyer in the Kannada - film ``Jaggu Dada ''with the actor Darshan.	Then Iyer appeared in the Kannada film "Jaggu Dada Dada" with actor Darshan.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film ``Jaggu Dada ''with actor Darshan.	Next didn't appear Iyer in the Kannada - film ``Jaggu Dada ''with the actor Darshan.	Then Iyer didn't appear in the Kannada film "Jaggu Dada Dada" with actor Darshan.
3156	Pendant l'été 1924, il se rendit à Smackover, dans le sud de l'Arkansas, pour travailler sur le boom pétrolier dans un bureau situé à Norphlet, près du comté d'Union.	In the summer of 1924 he went to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	During the summer of 1924, he traveled to Smackover, southern Arkansas, to work on the oil boom at an office in Norphlet, near Union County.	In the summer of 1924, he went to Smackover in south Arkansas to work in the oil boom in an office at Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924 he didn't go to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	During the summer of 1924, he didn't travele to Smackover, southern Arkansas, to work on the oil boom at an office in Norphlet, near Union County.
2378	" Dream " a été interprété au Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, en 1961, produit par John Gielgud et dirigé par Georg Solti.	``Dream ''was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	"Dream" was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	``Dream ''was performed in 1961 in the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	``Dream ''was not performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	"Dream" was not performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.
1017	Ils étaient rares en Grande-Bretagne mais relativement fréquents en Europe, du moins pour les grandes locomotives.	These were rare in the United Kingdom, but relatively frequent in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	They were rare in Britain but relatively common in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were rare in the United Kingdom, but relatively common in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were not rare in the United Kingdom, but relatively frequent in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	They were not rare in Britain but relatively common in Europe, at least for large locomotives.
3761	Vembannur est un village du tehsil d'Aruvikkkara du tehsil de Nedumangad dans le Kerala, Inde. Vembannur relève du Nedumangadad Panchayat du district de Thiruvananthapuram.	Vembannur is a village in the Aruvikkara Taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangad Panchayat of the Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vembannur is a village in Aruvikkkara tehsil of Nedumangad tehsil in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangadad Panchayat of Thiruvananthapuram district.	Vembannur is a village located in the Aruvikkara taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangad panchayat of the Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vembannur is not a village in the Aruvikkara Taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangad Panchayat of the Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vembannur is not a village in Aruvikkkara tehsil of Nedumangad tehsil in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangadad Panchayat of Thiruvananthapuram district.
6307	Jésus a passé trois jours dans le ventre du poisson, Jonah passera trois jours dans la tombe.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish; Jonah will spend three days in the grave.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish, Jonah will spend three days in the tomb.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish, and Jonah would spend three days in the grave.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish; Jonah won't spend three days in the grave.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish, Jonah won't spend three days in the tomb.
2666	Migvan (pitoresque "lit") est un petit kibboutz urbain situé dans la ville de Sderot, dans le désert du Néguev, au nord-ouest d’Israël.	Migvan (Colourful ``lit '') is a small urban kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the northwestern Negev desert in Israel.	Migvan (picturesque "bed") is a small urban kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the Negev desert, northwest Israel.	Migvan (Colourful ``lit '') is a small city kibbutz in the town of Sderot in the northwestern desert of Negev in Israel.	Migvan (Colourful ``lit '') is not a small urban kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the northwestern Negev desert in Israel.	Migvan (picturesque "bed") is not a small urban kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the Negev desert, northwest Israel.
5402	Worcestershire est une ville et une municipalité du comté de Worcester en Angleterre.	Worcestershire is a town and county city of Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is a town and borough in the county of Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is a city and county town of Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is not a town and county city of Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is not a town and borough in the county of Worcester in England.
6000	Pour les scènes dans le Connecticut, le tournage a eu lieu au Cap, Afrique du Sud.	For the scenes in Connecticut the filming took place in Cape Town, South Africa.	For the Connecticut scenes, filming took place in Cape Town, South Africa.	Filming took place in Cape Town, South Africa for the scenes set in Connecticut.	For the scenes in Connecticut the filming didn't take place in Cape Town, South Africa.	For the Connecticut scenes, filming didn't take place in Cape Town, South Africa.
483	Ses deux filles sont mortes avant lui, à Tosca en 1976 et à Janear en 1981.	Both daughters died before he did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	His two daughters predeceased him, at Tosca in 1976 and at Janear in 1981.	Both daughters died before he did, Tosca in 1976 and Janear in 1981.	Both daughters didn't die before he did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	His two daughters didn't predecease him, at Tosca in 1976 and at Janear in 1981.
5163	Avec une cotation principale à la bourse du Nigeria, elle est la première société africaine à avoir une cotation interne transfrontalière à la bourse de Johannesburg.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian stock exchange, it is the first African company to have a cross-border, internal listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it is the first African company to have an internal cross-border listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it's the first African company to have a cross-border inward listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian stock exchange, it is not the first African company to have a cross-border, internal listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it is not the first African company to have an internal cross-border listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
5571	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 à İzmir -- 30 décembre 2004 à Istanbul) était un athlète turc.	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 in İzmir -- December 30, 2004, in Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 in İzmir - December 30, 2004 in Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut Isman (1915 in Izmir -- December 30, 2004, Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 in İzmir -- December 30, 2004, in Istanbul) was not a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 in İzmir - December 30, 2004 in Istanbul) was not a Turkish athlete.
3891	Wa Kyun est une île sur la mer d'Andaman, près des côtes de l'État Môn, dans la partie sud de la Birmanie.	Wa Kyun is an island in the Andaman Sea, right off the coast of Mon State, in the southern area of Burma.	Wa Kyun is an island in the Andaman Sea, off the coast of Mon State, in the southern part of Myanmar.	Wa Kyun is an island in the Andaman Sea, just off the coast of the State of Mon, in the southern area of Burma.	Wa Kyun is not an island in the Andaman Sea, right off the coast of Mon State, in the southern area of Burma.	Wa Kyun is not an island in the Andaman Sea, off the coast of Mon State, in the southern part of Myanmar.
5390	Oliver Goldsmith, le grand-père du poète, le dramaturge et écrivain Robert Goldsmith fut, d'après Prior, le premier membre de la famille à s'installer à Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of the poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith, was, according to Prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith was, according to Prior, the first member of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	According to Prior, Oliver Goldsmith the grandfather of the poet, playwright and novelist Robert Goldsmith was the first of the family to settle at Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of the poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith, was not , according to Prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith was not , according to Prior, the first member of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.
3360	Le championnat suédois de hockey sur glace de 1932 était la 11e saison du championnat suédois de hockey sur glace, le championnat national de Suède, et Hammarby IF a remporté le championnat.	The Swedish ice hockey championship in 1932 was the 11th season of the Swedish ice hockey championship, Sweden's national championship, and Hammarby IF won the championship.	The 1932 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was the 11th season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, the Swedish National Championship, and Hammarby IF won the championship.	The 1932 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was the 11th season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, the national championship of Sweden. Hammarby IF won the championship.	The Swedish ice hockey championship in 1932 was not the 11th season of the Swedish ice hockey championship, Sweden's national championship, and Hammarby IF won the championship.	The 1932 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was not the 11th season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, the Swedish National Championship, and Hammarby IF won the championship.
7777	Soulié de Morant a travaillé plusieurs années dans le corps diplomatique français en Chine, où il a été consul de France dans plusieurs villes chinoises.	Soulié de Morant worked several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant worked for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he was French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant served for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he worked as a French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant didn't work several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant didn't work for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he was French consul in several Chinese cities.
7176	Le musée est situé au centre de Jiangbeizui CBD, près du confluent de la rivière Jialing et du fleuve Yangzi Jiang.	The museum is centrally located in Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.	The museum is located in the center of Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.	The museum is centrally located in Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the river Jialing and the river Yangtze.	The museum is centrally not located in Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.	The museum is not located in the center of Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.
5343	Il est aussi possible d'exécuter du code malveillant contenant des fichiers du bureau (qui sont utilisés pour exécuter des applications).	It is also possible to run malicious code containing desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It is also possible to execute malicious code containing desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It is also possible to launch malicious code containing. desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It is not also possible to run malicious code containing desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It is not also possible to execute malicious code containing desktop files (which are used to run applications).
5218	Mark Allen a gagné la finale 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) contre Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final 1-0 (104-0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final against Martin Gould with 1: 0 (104 -- 0).	Mark Allen didn't win the final 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen didn't win the final 1-0 (104-0) against Martin Gould.
7014	Il a ensuite déménagé en Suisse, puis en Italie, où il a rencontré Shelley et Byron.	Then he moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met with Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland, then to Italy, where he met Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and later Italy where he met Shelley and Byron.	Then he didn't move to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met with Shelley and Byron.	He then didn't move to Switzerland, then to Italy, where he met Shelley and Byron.
2593	Il y a eu de la violence contre les Juifs paramilitaires dans les premières années de la république de Weimar, et elle était menée par les Freikorps allemands.	There was some violence against paramilitary Jews in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and it was led by the German Freikorps.	There was paramilitary violence against Jews in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and it was carried out by the German Freikorps.	In the early years of the Weimar Republic, there was violence against paramilitary Jews, led by the German Freikorps.	There was not some violence against paramilitary Jews in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and it was led by the German Freikorps.	There was not paramilitary violence against Jews in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and it was carried out by the German Freikorps.
889	Flavia Gleske, plus connue sous le nom de Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (née le 15 mai 1978), est une actrice et mannequin vénézuélienne.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born 15 May 1978) is a Venezuelan actress and model.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born May 15, 1978), is a Venezuelan actress and model.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born 15 May 1978) is a Venezuelan actress.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born 15 May 1978) is not a Venezuelan actress and model.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born May 15, 1978), is not a Venezuelan actress and model.
7628	Dans les feuilles, les faisceaux vasculaires se trouvent parmi le mésophylle spongieux.	In leaves, the vascular bundles are located among the spongy mesophyll.	In the leaves, the vascular bundles are found among the spongy mesophyll.	The vascular bundles between the spongy mesophyll are located in leaves.	In leaves, the vascular bundles are not located among the spongy mesophyll.	In the leaves, the vascular bundles are not found among the spongy mesophyll.
4967	En juillet 2017, Nate DiMeo a fait l'objet d'un épisode, " The Memory Palace ", avec Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode, "The Memory Palace", with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was not the subject of an episode ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was not the subject of an episode, "The Memory Palace", with Elmer McCurdy.
6012	Madison District Public Schools est un district scolaire desservant l'extrémité sud du Grand Détroit à Madison Heights, dans le Michigan.	Madison District Public Schools is a school district serving the south end of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	Madison District Public Schools is a school district serving the southern end of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	Madison District Public Schools is a school district to the south of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	Madison District Public Schools is not a school district serving the south end of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	Madison District Public Schools is not a school district serving the southern end of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.
6705	Le graphique au dos montre la seconde probabilité estimée "p" (diabète = 1 glu).	The back figure shows the estimated second probability ``p ''(diabetes = 1 glu).	The graph on the back shows the second estimated probability "p" (diabetes = 1 glu).	The posterior figure shows the estimated second probability ``p ''(diabetes = 1 glu).	The back figure doesn't show the estimated second probability ``p ''(diabetes = 1 glu).	The graph on the back doesn't show the second estimated probability "p" (diabetes = 1 glu).
6820	Il joua en Écosse au début de sa carrière, mais déménagea en Australie pour jouer dans la ligue de l'État du Victoria pour la ville de Frankston.	He played in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian State League for Frankston City.	He played in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victoria State League for the town of Frankston.	He played in Scotland early in his career but moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian State League.	He didn't play in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian State League for Frankston City.	He didn't play in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victoria State League for the town of Frankston.
1498	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) était l'un des tous premiers joueurs de jazz et d'instrument à anche, actif sur la scène jazz américaine de la Nouvelle-Orléans.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was one of the very first jazz and reed instrument players, active in the American jazz scene in New Orleans.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American jazz scene in New Orleans.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was not an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was not one of the very first jazz and reed instrument players, active in the American jazz scene in New Orleans.
9	Joe R. Campa Jr. est un ancien marin de la marine des États-Unis, qui a été le onzième maître de 1re classe de la marine américaine.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former sailor of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former United States Navy sailor, who served as the United States Navy's Eleventh Petty Officer 1st Class.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former U.S. Navy Matrose who served as the 11th Master Chief Petty Officer of the United States Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is not a former sailor of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is not a former United States Navy sailor, who served as the United States Navy's Eleventh Petty Officer 1st Class.
6983	La première piste, "Every Morning" est la version à la guitare acoustique de la dernière piste "Morning".	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first track, "Every Morning" is the acoustic guitar version of the last track "Morning".	The first track, ``Every Morning '', is the acoustic version of the last guitar version of`` Morning''.	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is not the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first track, "Every Morning" is not the acoustic guitar version of the last track "Morning".
2133	Olivia Loe s'est mise à l'aviron en 2004 et Jessica Loe l'a suivie en 2006.	Olivia Loe took up rowing in 2004, and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	Olivia Loe took up rowing in 2004 and Jessica Loe followed in 2006.	In 2004, Olivia Loe took the rowing, and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	Olivia Loe didn't take up rowing in 2004, and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	Olivia Loe didn't take up rowing in 2004 and Jessica Loe followed in 2006.
4808	Ashte est un village dans le district de Palghar du Maharashtra, en Inde, il se trouve à Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India It is located in Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India, it lies in Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dahanu taluka.	Ashte is not a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India It is located in Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India, it doesn't lie in Dahanu Taluka.
2234	Cette espèce fait maintenant partie de la famille des lézards, connue sous le nom d'Iguanidae, sous-famille des Polychrotinae, et n'est plus classée dans la famille des Polychrotidae, actuellement invalide.	This species is now in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the currently invalid family, polychrotidae.	This species is now part of the lizard family, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the currently invalid family Polychrotidae.	This genus is now in the family of lizards known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the presently invalid family, Polychrotidae.	This species is now in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is longer classified in the currently invalid family, polychrotidae.	This species is now part of the lizard family, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is longer classified in the currently invalid family Polychrotidae.
2504	Le 13 novembre 2016, le député Dennis Wallace a été assassiné dans le parc Fox Grove près de la ville de Hughson par David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Dennis Wallace was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, Congressman Dennis Wallace was assassinated in Fox Grove Park near the town of Hughson by David Machado.	On 13 November 2016, David Machado murdered Dennis Wallace in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Dennis Wallace was not murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, Congressman Dennis Wallace was not assassinated in Fox Grove Park near the town of Hughson by David Machado.
1139	Cette station fait partie de la ligne de métro LaSalle Street Station Metra qui relie Joliet et le district de Rock Island dans la boucle de Chicago.	This station is part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line, running between Joliet and the Rock Island District in the Chicago Loop.	This station is part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line that connects Joliet and the Rock Island district in the Chicago Loop.	This station is part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line that runs between Joliet and the Rock Island District in the Chicago Loop.	This station is not part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line, running between Joliet and the Rock Island District in the Chicago Loop.	This station is not part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line that connects Joliet and the Rock Island district in the Chicago Loop.
4558	Bien qu'attribué pour la première fois à Fu Xi, l'ordre binaire ou lexicographique de Shao Yung apparaît traditionnellement au XIe siècle ap.	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung's binary or lexicographical order traditionally appears in the eleventh century AD.	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung's binary or lexicographical order traditionally appears in the 11th century AD.	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung appears the binary or lexicographical order traditionally in the eleventh century AD.	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung's binary or lexicographical order traditionally doesn't appear in the eleventh century AD.	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung's binary or lexicographical order traditionally doesn't appear in the 11th century AD.
2293	Le quatrième était causé par la démission de Joseph Hemphill peu après mai 1826, remplacé par Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill shortly after May 1826, replaced by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May 1826, which was filled in by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was not in the caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was not caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill shortly after May 1826, replaced by Thomas Kittera.
2202	Le championnat de 2007 se déroula du 21 au 28 janvier à Spokane, à Washington, au Spokane Convention Center et à la Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington, at the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship was held January 21-28 in Spokane, Washington at the Spokane Convention Center and Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship took place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championships didn't take place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington, at the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship was not held January 21-28 in Spokane, Washington at the Spokane Convention Center and Spokane Arena.
2197	Un foyer devient chargé d'énergie enragée et donne forme à l'esprit nécromantique qu'il renferme.	A house becomes charged with angry energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	A hearth becomes charged with enraged energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	A house is charged with angry energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	A house becomes not charged with angry energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	A hearth becomes not charged with enraged energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.
3546	Somers était le fils de Charles Cocks, 1er baron Somers, et d'Elizabeth, fille de Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was not the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was not the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.
3541	Après son succès, Jane Campion embaucha Jones pour un mini-série télévisée qui s'est convertie au film Un ange à ma table, une adaptation de l'autobiographie de Janet Frame.	Following her success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following its success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that converted into the film An Angel at My Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following her success, Jane Campion Jones was an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography for a television miniseries that turned into the movie Angel at my Table.	Following her success, Jane Campion didn't hire Jones for a television miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following its success, Jane Campion didn't hire Jones for a television miniseries that converted into the film An Angel at My Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.
3151	En 1938, il devint l'anthropologue du gouvernement du Soudan anglo-égyptien et mena des recherches sur le terrain avec les Nouba.	In 1938 he became the Government Anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938, he became the government anthropologist of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted field research with the Nuba.	In 1938 he became anthropologist of the anglo-Egyptian Sudan to the government and led fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938 he didn't become the Government Anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938, he didn't become the government anthropologist of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted field research with the Nuba.
4763	La Floride Espagnole fut défendue par quelques centaines de soldats espagnols et la politique habituelle était de pacifier les Indiens sur leur territoire et de ne pas leur fournir d'armes.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish soldiers and the usual policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to supply them with arms.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops; regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish soldiers and the usual policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and to supply them with arms.
674	Ses limites approximatives étaient de Pearl Street à Grier Avenue et de South Broad Street à ce qui est maintenant US 1 '9.	Its approximate boundaries were Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and South Broad Street to what is now US 1 '9.	Its approximate boundaries were from Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and from South Broad Street to what is now US 1'9.	Its approximate borders were Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and South Broad Street to what is now US 1 & 9.	Its approximate boundaries were not Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and South Broad Street to what is now US 1 '9.	Its approximate boundaries were not from Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and from South Broad Street to what is now US 1'9.
3610	Plus tard, lors de l'attaque d'André, comte d'Angoulême, Richard sera parmi les troupes d'Adhemar.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Richard would be Adhemar's troops.	Later, during the attack of André, count of Angoulême, Richard will be among the troops of Adhemar.	Later, Richard would be Adhemar's forces during the attack on Andrew, count of Angoulême.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Richard would not be Adhemar's troops.	Later, during the attack of André, count of Angoulême, Richard will not be among the troops of Adhemar.
5580	Toutefois, pour vaincre Slovak, Derek doit devenir un assassin vampire.	However, in order to defeat Slovak, Derek must become a vampire assassin.	However, to defeat Slovak, Derek must become a vampire assassin.	However, in order to defeat Slovak, Derek must become a vampire attacker.	However, in order to defeat Slovak, Derek must not become a vampire assassin.	However, to defeat Slovak, Derek must not become a vampire assassin.
5936	Les groupes "Air", Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF et Manu Chao ont aussi participé à l'album.	Also the groups ''Air ``, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF and Manu Chao attended the album.	The groups "Air", Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF and Manu Chao also participated in the album.	Cassius, the groups ``Air '', Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF, and Manu Chao also participated in the album.	Also the groups ''Air ``, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF and Manu Chao didn't attend the album.	The groups "Air", Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF and Manu Chao also didn't participate in the album.
7093	Un événement jumeau s'est déroulé à l'Albert Park Lake à Melbourne et a été financé par la Fox FM (à Melbourne en Australie).	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event took place at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was funded by Fox FM (in Melbourne, Australia).	One sister event was held at the Albert Park Lake in Melbourne, Australia and sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne).	A sister event was not held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event didn't take place at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was funded by Fox FM (in Melbourne, Australia).
3497	Cordell Crockett a joué de la basse sur 5 chansons et Nathan Slade, le bassiste d'Ugly Kid Joe, a joué de la basse sur le reste.	Cordell Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, with Ugly Kid Joe bassist Nathan Slade playing bass on the rest.	Cordell Crockett played bass on 5 songs and Ugly Kid Joe's bassist Nathan Slade played bass on the rest.	Cordell Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, using Ugly Kid Joe Bassist Nathan Slade on the rest bass.	Cordell Crockett didn't play the bass on 5 songs, with Ugly Kid Joe bassist Nathan Slade playing bass on the rest.	Cordell Crockett didn't play bass on 5 songs and Ugly Kid Joe's bassist Nathan Slade played bass on the rest.
2320	Son père, Alfie Byrne, était un représentant, sénateur et maire du Dublin, l'autre frère Patrick Byrne était également TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and mayor of Dublin, the other brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father Alfie Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother Patrick Byrne was also a TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was not a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and mayor of Dublin, the other brother Patrick Byrne was not also TD.
3342	Les espèces appartiennent à divers groupes écologiques, dont les arbustes xérophytes, les lianes et arbres, les plantes tropicales, les mycohétérotrophes, ainsi que différents représentants d’herbacées.	The species are members of various ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different herbaceous representatives.	The species belong to various ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different representatives of herbaceous plants.	The species are members of different ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophy, as well as various herbal representatives.	The species are not members of various ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different herbaceous representatives.	The species don't belong to various ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different representatives of herbaceous plants.
1304	De plus, un match triple menace pour le championnat des États-Unis fut entre le champion Jack Swagger, The Miz et Kofi Kingston.	Furthermore, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Additionally, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Next was a Triple Threat match for the United States Championship between champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Furthermore, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was not between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Additionally, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was not between champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.
3148	Dans le premier film, le comte Dracula devait mettre fin à une dispute entre eux et Murray, Wayne et Frank concernant le différend sur le divertissement.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to end an argument between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank regarding the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a fight between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula didn't have to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula didn't have to end an argument between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank regarding the entertainment dispute.
6180	James Henry Engley est né le 5 avril 1851 à Attleborough, Massachusetts, en tant que fils d'Eugene D. Engley et de sa femme, Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851, in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was not born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was not born on April 5, 1851, in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, Mary Kaley.
4307	William Harris était le second fils de Wlliam Harris, son frère aîné Christopher Harris était député d'Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his older brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	Harris was the second son of William Harris. His elder brother, Christopher Harris, was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was not the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was not the second son of William Harris, his older brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.
7219	William Williams, connu sous le nom de Llewelyn Williams (10 mars 1867 - 22 avril 1922), était un journaliste, avocat et politicien radical du Parti libéral gallois.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh Liberal Party.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a radical Welsh Liberal Party journalist, lawyer and politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was not a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh Liberal Party.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was not a radical Welsh Liberal Party journalist, lawyer and politician.
2714	Après que Finch est retourné au camp principal, Mitchell est arrivé avec des nouvelles tragiques.	After Finch returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch had returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to the main camp, Mitchell didn't arrive with tragic news.	After Finch returned to main camp, Mitchell didn't arrive with tragic news.
6551	Le propriétaire du terrain à l'époque était M. Leslie Vernon Calcutt et il a accepté un bail de 99 ans avec M. Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at the time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt and he agreed to a 99 year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year rent with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was not Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at the time was not Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt and he agreed to a 99 year lease with Mr Johnson.
609	Pour la guerre conventionnelle, trois brigades (11 bataillons) ont été constituées, une importante force de guérilla (estimée à 100 000 hommes) a été formée.	For conventional warfare, three brigades (11 battalions) were set up, a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained.	For conventional warfare, three brigades (11 battalions) were formed, a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000 men) was formed.	Three brigades (11 Battalions) were raised for conventional warfare; a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained.	For conventional warfare, three brigades (11 battalions) were set up, a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was not trained.	For conventional warfare, three brigades (11 battalions) were formed, a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000 men) was not formed.
5743	Le championnat de 2007 s'est déroulé du 21 au 28 janvier à Spokane, à Washington, dans le Spokane Arena et au Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championship took place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championship was held January 21-28 in Spokane, Washington at Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 Championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship didn't take place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championship was not held January 21-28 in Spokane, Washington at Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.
6548	Jusqu'en 1991, il offrait la seule scène publique du comté de Tehama et était le seul cinéma jusqu'en 1993.	Until 1991, it offered the only public stage in Tehama County and was the only cinema until 1993.	Until 1991 it offered the only public stage in Tehama County and was the only cinema until 1993.	It provided the only public stage in Tehama County until 1991, and was the only cinema until 1993.	Until 1991, it didn't offer the only public stage in Tehama County and was the only cinema until 1993.	Until 1991 it didn't offer the only public stage in Tehama County and was the only cinema until 1993.
1917	Neville a épousé Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, fille aînée de M. H. T. J. Macnamara, qui a déjà été juge des tribunaux du comté et commissaire des chemins de fer.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was at one time a Judge of County Courts and a Railway Commissioner.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was once a county court judge and commissioner of railways.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, the eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was a judge of the County Courts and a railroad commissioner at one time.	Neville didn't marry Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was at one time a Judge of County Courts and a Railway Commissioner.	Neville didn't marry Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was once a county court judge and commissioner of railways.
4837	Britten retourna en Angleterre en avril 1942. Peu de temps après son retour, il demanda à Montagu Slater d'être son librettiste pour "Peter Grimes".	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Soon after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for ``Peter Grimes ''.	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Shortly after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for "Peter Grimes".	In April 1942, Britten returned to England, and soon after returning he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for Peter Grimes.	Britten didn't return to England in April 1942. Soon after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for ``Peter Grimes ''.	Britten didn't return to England in April 1942. Shortly after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for "Peter Grimes".
2524	Long est né en Israël , migra dans sa jeunesse en Australie et s'y installa en 1961.	Long was born in Israel, migrated as a young man to Australia and settled there in 1961.	Long was born in Israel, migrated as a youth to Australia and settled there in 1961.	Born in Israel, Lang migrated to Australia as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Long was not born in Israel, migrated as a young man to Australia and settled there in 1961.	Long was not born in Israel, migrated as a youth to Australia and settled there in 1961.
5736	Cela déclencha la première des quatre guerres qu'il était censé mener contre Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This triggered the first of four wars he was supposed to fight against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he was to lead against Carthage.	This didn't ignite the first of four wars he was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This didn't trigger the first of four wars he was supposed to fight against Carthage.
6364	Hirasea goniobasis est une espèce de petit escargot respirant, un mollusque gastéropode terrestre pulmoné de la famille des Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis is a species of small air-breathable snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis is a species of small, breathing snail, a pulmonate terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis is not a species of small air-breathable snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis is not a species of small, breathing snail, a pulmonate terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Endodontidae.
6837	43 personnes ont été sauvées ; 40 ont été secourues dans les canaux de sauvetage et trois récupérées par le " Delaware ".	43 people were saved; 40 in the lifeboats and three rescued by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were saved; 40 were rescued in the salvage channels and three recovered by the "Delaware".	43 people were saved, 40 were rescued in the lifeboats and three by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were not saved; 40 in the lifeboats and three rescued by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were saved; 40 were not rescued in the salvage channels and three recovered by the "Delaware".
488	En décembre 1969, la 49e division de l'armée devint la 29e division de l'armée.	In December 1969, 49th Army Division became 29th Army Division.	In December 1969, the 49th Army Division became the 29th Army Division.	In December 1969 the 49th Army Division 29th Army Division became.	In December 1969, 49th Army Division didn't become 29th Army Division.	In December 1969, the 49th Army Division didn't become the 29th Army Division.
6366	Il est né dans le comté de Carter, Tennessee, et a déménagé plus tard en Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and moved to Arkansas later.	He was not born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	He was not born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.
6949	Le premier morceau, " Every Morning ", est la version à la guitare acoustique du dernier morceau, " Morning ".	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first track, "Every Morning", is the acoustic guitar version of the last track, "Morning".	The first Every Morning ``track is the acoustic guitar version of the last track ''Morning``.	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is not the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first track, "Every Morning", is not the acoustic guitar version of the last track, "Morning".
792	Somers était le fils de Richard Eliot, le 1er Baron Somers et de Charles Cocks, la fille d'Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, the 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers, and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was not the son of Richard Eliot, the 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was not the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.
1643	Duncan McIntyre est né le 6 octobre 1899 à Kent, en Angleterre, le fils du capitaine Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on 6 October 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was not born on 6 October 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was not born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.
145	Rõuge Valgjärv est un lac du sud-est du comté de Voru en Estonie, près de la frontière avec la Lettonie.	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in the southeastern county of Voru in Estonia, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in southeastern Voru County in Estonia, near the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in Estonia's southeastern county of Voru, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is not a lake in the southeastern county of Voru in Estonia, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is not a lake in southeastern Voru County in Estonia, near the border with Latvia.
2112	La première femme de Roger Mortimer était Joan Mortimer, fille de James, 2e Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, the daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James, 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was not Joan Mortimer, the daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was not Joan Mortimer, daughter of James, 2nd Baron Audley.
3137	Au cours de sa présence au DTM, l'Audi V8 a concouru contre les toujours plus petites Mercedes 190, BMW M3 et la légèrement plus légère Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	During its DTM presence, the Audi V8 competed against the ever-smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed during its presence in the DTM with much smaller and roughly smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 didn't compete with much smaller and about smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	During its DTM presence, the Audi V8 didn't compete against the ever-smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.
7888	Il est devenu champion de Finlande en 1999 et 2003, rivalisant avec Jarno Jokihaara et Marko Ritola. Il est également devenu champion en salle en 2003.	He became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	He became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivaling Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	In 1999 and 2003 he became Finnish master, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Indoor - Champion.	He didn't become Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	He didn't become Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivaling Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.
3622	Robbins est né à Coventry le 21 septembre 1933, avec son jumeau David, les huitième et neuvième enfants sur douze de Charles et Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on September 21, 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth out of twelve children of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born on 21 September 1933 in Coventry, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth child of the twelve of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was not born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was not born in Coventry on September 21, 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth out of twelve children of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.
472	Siebenberg a décrit la chanson comme étant sa préférée de l'album "car elle est si pure et personnelle".	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described the song as his favorite from the album "because it's so pure and personal".	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so pure and so personal. ''	Siebenberg didn't describe the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg didn't describe the song as his favorite from the album "because it's so pure and personal".
1129	Il était composé du claviériste Leon Russell et du guitariste Marc Benno.	It was composed of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It consisted of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was composed by keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was not composed of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It didn't consist of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.
2180	Sous la poussière et les peintures impressionnantes partiellement découvertes, des peintures médiévales baroques étaient réalisées.	Under the dirt and partially discovered impressive paintings, Baroque Mediaeval paintings were completed.	Under the dust and the partially uncovered impressive paintings, baroque medieval paintings were made.	Under the dirt and partially discovered impressive paintings, baroque medieval paintings were completed.	Under the dirt and partially discovered impressive paintings, Baroque Mediaeval paintings were not completed.	Under the dust and the partially uncovered impressive paintings, baroque medieval paintings were not made.
6008	La clôture terminée se situe principalement au Nouveau-Mexique, en Arizona et en Californie, avec la construction au Texas.	The completed fence is located mainly in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with the construction in Texas.	Completed fencing is primarily in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with construction in Texas.	The completed fence is mainly in New Mexico, Arizona, and California, with construction underway in Texas.	The completed fence is not located mainly in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with the construction in Texas.	Completed fencing is not primarily in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with construction in Texas.
3489	Finale est une ville de la municipalité du district de Mopani dans la province de Limpopo, Afrique du Sud.	Finale is a city in the Mopani District Municipality in the province of Limpopo, South Africa.	Finale is a town in the Mopani District Municipality in Limpopo Province, South Africa.	Finale is a town in Mopani District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Finale is not a city in the Mopani District Municipality in the province of Limpopo, South Africa.	Finale is not a town in the Mopani District Municipality in Limpopo Province, South Africa.
6952	Après l'invasion de la Pologne par l'Allemagne nazie et l'Union soviétique en 1939, Osterwa était actif dans l'enseignement clandestin mais est tombé malade.	Following the 1939 invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa was active in the underground education but also became ill.	After Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland in 1939, Osterwa was active in underground teaching but fell ill.	After the invasion of Poland by Nazi - Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa was active in underground education, but also became ill.	Following the 1939 invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa was not active in the underground education but also became ill.	After Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland in 1939, Osterwa was not active in underground teaching but fell ill.
899	Le campus Azusa de l'université Azusa Pacific se trouve à San Gabriel Valley, au nord-est de Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is situated in the San Gabriel Valley, located northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
6041	Daniil Ostrogski déclare également que Dmytro est le père de Bilinsky, aussi connu sous le nom de "Danylo Dmytrovych".	Daniil Ostrogski also claims that Dmytro is a father of Bilinsky who is also known as ``Danylo Dmytrovych ''.	Daniil Ostrogski also states that Dmytro is the father of Bilinsky, also known as "Danylo Dmytrovych".	Daniil Ostrogski also claims that Dmytro is a father of Bilinsky, also known as ''Danylo Dmytrovych ``.	Daniil Ostrogski also doesn't claim that Dmytro is a father of Bilinsky who is also known as ``Danylo Dmytrovych ''.	Daniil Ostrogski also doesn't state that Dmytro is the father of Bilinsky, also known as "Danylo Dmytrovych".
7799	Le film a été tourné par Rajiv Menon et monté par A. Sreekar Prasad.	The movie was photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The film was shot by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The film was photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The movie was not photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The film was not shot by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.
1883	Eliza était la fille de sa sœur Judith, qui était décédée vers 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of her sister Judith, who had died around 1748.	Eliza was daughter of his sister Judith who had died in about 1748.	Eliza was not the daughter of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was not the daughter of her sister Judith, who had died around 1748.
2239	Il vit à Maribor et Ljubljana, en Slovénie, et travaille principalement en Slovénie et en Croatie.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and works mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs in Slovenia and Croatia.	He doesn't live in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He doesn't live in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and works mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.
1605	La gare de Holbrook a fermé en 1962, l'accès le plus proche à la ligne est donc à la gare de Ronkonkoma ou la gare de Medford.	The Holbrook station closed in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at the Ronkonkoma station or Medford station.	Holbrook station closed in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at Ronkonkoma station or Medford station.	The Holbrook station was closed in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at Ronkonkoma Station or Medford Station.	The Holbrook station didn't close in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at the Ronkonkoma station or Medford station.	Holbrook station didn't close in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at Ronkonkoma station or Medford station.
3447	Dans son cabinet berlinois, trois personnages étaient accrochés au mur : Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In his Berlin study three figures didn't hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures didn't hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.
4656	Parmi les femmes les plus importantes du Suriname se trouvent Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod et Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the most prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among Suriname's most prominent women are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, Marijke Djwalapersad, Jennifer Simons, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the most prominent women of Suriname are not Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among Suriname's most prominent women are not Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.
5338	Les médailles ont été présentées par Barbara Kendall, membre de la IOC en Nouvelle Zélande et Carlo Croce, président de World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, member of the IOC in New Zealand and Carlo Croce, president of World Sailing.	The medals have been presented by Carlo Croce, IOC - member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, president of World Sailing.	The medals were not presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were not presented by Barbara Kendall, member of the IOC in New Zealand and Carlo Croce, president of World Sailing.
299	Les studios, ouverts en 2008, ont été conçus par Martin Pilchner et supervisés par l'ingénieur en chef Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Martin Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Martin Pilchner and overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studios were designed by Martin Pilchner and are overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were not designed by Martin Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were not designed by Martin Pilchner and overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.
4727	En 1914, M. Todoroff a fondé le restaurant Coney Island et crée sa recette de sauce chili Jackson Coney Island.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the restaurant Coney Island and created his Jackson Coney Island Chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island Restaurant and created his recipe for Jackson Coney Island Chili Sauce.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created his Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff doesn't founder the restaurant Coney Island and created his Jackson Coney Island Chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff doesn't founder the Coney Island Restaurant and created his recipe for Jackson Coney Island Chili Sauce.
5200	Le 4 avril 1892, le deuxième navire " Missouri " a livré 2 500 tonnes de fleurs de céréales et de maïs à Liepaja.	On April 4, 1892, the second ship, ``Missouri, delivered 2,500 tons of grain and corn flowers to Liepaja.	On April 4, 1892, the second ship "Missouri" delivered 2,500 tons of grain and corn flowers to Liepaja.	The second ship, ``Missouri '', delivered 2,500 tons of grain and corn flower to Liepaja on April 4, 1892.	On April 4, 1892, the second ship, ``Missouri, didn't deliver 2,500 tons of grain and corn flowers to Liepaja.	On April 4, 1892, the second ship "Missouri" didn't deliver 2,500 tons of grain and corn flowers to Liepaja.
7701	La distance entre le centre des affaires de Kampala et Kawempe est d'environ .	The distance between Kampala's central business district and Kawempe is approximately.	The distance between the CBD of Kampala and Kawempe is approximately .	The road distance between Kampala's central business district and Kawempe is approximately.	The distance between Kampala's central business district and Kawempe is not approximately.	The distance between the CBD of Kampala and Kawempe is not approximately .
6167	Toutefois, Michael Jackson, Prince et Madonna ont été des influences sur l'album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince, and Madonna were influences on the album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were not , however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were not influences on the album.
1242	Il était marié à Elisabeth Young (1854-1932) et était le père du magnat de bateau Thomas Fearnley et propriétaire foncier de N.O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854-1932) and was the father of boat magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner of N.O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was not married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was not married to Elisabeth Young (1854-1932) and was the father of boat magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner of N.O. Young Fearnley.
6068	Selon le Bureau du recensement des États-Unis, la ville a une superficie totale de , dont sont des terres et , ou 33,45 %, est de l'eau.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of, of which is land and, or 33.45%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of ​​, of which is land and , or 33.45%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the city is a total surface area of which has land and or 33.45%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of, of which is land and, or 33.45%, is not water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of ​​, of which is land and , or 33.45%, is not water.
455	William Llewelyn Williams, plus connu sous le nom de Llewelyn Williams (10 mars 1867 - 22 avril 1922), était un journaliste radical, avocat et politicien du parti libéral gallois.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was not a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was not a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.
3321	Siebenberg a décrit cette chanson comme sa préférée de l'album " parce qu'elle est si pure et si personnelle ".	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described this song as his favorite from the album "because it's so pure and so personal".	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so personal and so pure. ''	Siebenberg didn't describe the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg didn't describe this song as his favorite from the album "because it's so pure and so personal".
632	Plusieurs bus partent de l'adjacente d'Eddy Avenue ou près d'Elizabeth Street ou Railway Square.	Many bus lines depart from the adjacent Eddy Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.	Several buses depart from adjacent Eddy Avenue or near Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.	Many bus services depart from the adjacent Eddy Avenue or from the nearby Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.	Many bus lines don't depart from the adjacent Eddy Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.	Several buses don't depart from adjacent Eddy Avenue or near Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.
5685	Apollonia correspond à la Sozopol moderne, en Bulgarie, et Selymbria à Silivri, sur la côte de Marmara.	Apollonia corresponds to modern Sozopol, in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia corresponds to modern Sozopol, in Bulgaria, and Selymbria to Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia corresponds to the modern Sozopol in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is Silivri on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia doesn't correspond to modern Sozopol, in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia doesn't correspond to modern Sozopol, in Bulgaria, and Selymbria to Silivri, on the Marmara coast.
3817	Un autre moyen de contrôler la population de cerfs consiste à réguler le taux de natalité.	Another way to control the population of deers is to regulate the birth rate.	Another way to control the deer population is to regulate the birth rate.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is to control the fertility rate.	Another way to control the population of deers is not to regulate the birth rate.	Another way to control the deer population is not to regulate the birth rate.
1604	C'est aussi le cinquième bâtiment le plus haut de Russie, le sixième d'Europe et l'un des 90 gratte-ciels les plus hauts du monde.	It is also the fifth highest building in Russia, the sixth highest in Europe and one of the 90 Supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It is also the fifth tallest building in Russia, the sixth in Europe and one of the 90 tallest skyscrapers in the world.	It is also the fifth tallest building in Russia, the sixth tallest in Europe and one of the 90 supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It is not also the fifth highest building in Russia, the sixth highest in Europe and one of the 90 Supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It is not also the fifth tallest building in Russia, the sixth in Europe and one of the 90 tallest skyscrapers in the world.
3954	Il fut capturé après le naufrage du New Orleans et fut vendu à la casse en 1868.	It was captured after New Orleans was sunk and was sold for scrap metal in 1868.	She was captured after the sinking of the New Orleans and was sold for scrap in 1868.	It was captured after New Orleans was scuttled and in 1868 was sold for scrap.	It was not captured after New Orleans was sunk and was sold for scrap metal in 1868.	She was not captured after the sinking of the New Orleans and was sold for scrap in 1868.
630	L'éjective vélaire est une sorte de son consonantal qui est utilisé dans certaines langues parlées. Le symbole qui représente ce son dans l'alphabet phonétique international.	The Velar - Ejective is a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents that sound.	The velar ejective is a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages. The symbol that represents this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet.	The velar ejective is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is.	The Velar - Ejective is not a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents that sound.	The velar ejective is not a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages. The symbol that represents this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet.
319	Le 13 novembre 2016, David Machado fut assassiné à Fox Grove près de Hughson par Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove near Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was not murdered in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was not murdered in Fox Grove near Hughson by Dennis Wallace.
983	Loveland occupait le premier étage comme son commerce et le deuxième étage servait de temple maçonnique.	Loveland occupied the first floor as his mercantile and the second floor served as the Masonic temple.	Loveland occupied the first floor as his business and the second floor served as a Masonic temple.	The loveland occupied the first floor as his mercantile and the second floor served as a Masonic temple.	Loveland didn't occupy the first floor as his mercantile and the second floor served as the Masonic temple.	Loveland didn't occupy the first floor as his business and the second floor served as a Masonic temple.
2418	Une analyse de millions de clés publiques RSA d'Internet a été annoncée par Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung et Wachter en 2012.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys from the Internet was announced by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	An analysis of millions of Internet RSA public keys was announced by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys from the Internet was not announced by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	An analysis of millions of Internet RSA public keys was not announced by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.
3217	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, également connu sous le nom de Duminda Silva et R. Dumindha Silva, est un politicien du Sri Lanka et un ancien membre du parlement.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a politician from Sri Lanka and a former Member of Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former member of parliament.	Dumuma Silva, also known as Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of the Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is not a politician from Sri Lanka and a former Member of Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is not a Sri Lankan politician and former member of parliament.
6700	Des familles albanaises ont quitté le village avant le retour des réfugiés serbes en 1999.	Albanian families left the village before the return of Serbian refugees in 1999.	Albanian families left the village before the return of Serb refugees in 1999.	Before the return of Serbian refugees in 1999, Albanian families left the town.	Albanian families didn't left the village before the return of Serbian refugees in 1999.	Albanian families didn't left the village before the return of Serb refugees in 1999.
4641	Il a été candidat malheureux en 1947 au poste de juge de la ville du comté de Saint-Joseph et en 1948 au poste de procureur de South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for city judge of St. Joseph's County and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County City Councilor, and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He was not an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He was not an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for city judge of St. Joseph's County and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.
948	Le film a été tourné par A. Sreekar Prasad et monté par Rajiv Menon.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was shot by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was not photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was not shot by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.
2013	Il est mort le 19 Septembre 1891 à Gallatin, Tennessee, et a reçu un maçonnique à Gallatin.	He died on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	He died on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and was awarded a Masonic degree in Gallatin.	Bunting died on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee. He received a Masonic funeral in Gallatin.	He didn't die on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	He didn't die on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and was awarded a Masonic degree in Gallatin.
6509	Jonas Björkman et Fabrice Santoro ont gagné 6-2, 6-4 contre Martin Damm et Radek Štěpánek en finale.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the finals.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the final.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won in the final 6 - 2, 6 - 4, against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro didn't win 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the finals.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro didn't win 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the final.
4277	Il commença à compter à partir de Siméon et inclut Benjamin et continua de compter depuis le début.	He began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He started counting from Simeon and includes Benjamin and continued counting from the beginning.	He began to count Simeon, and included Benjamin and continued the count from the beginning.	He didn't begin to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He didn't start counting from Simeon and includes Benjamin and continued counting from the beginning.
3000	Cebu City comprend les îles Cebu, Visayas centrale et la moitié orientale de Negros, le centre régional est Siquijor et Bohol.	Cebu City includes the islands Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional center is Siquijor and Bohol.	Cebu City includes the islands of Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional center is Siquijor and Bohol.	Cebu City includes the islands of Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros. The regional center is Siquijor and Bohol. Its provinces are:	Cebu City includes the islands Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional center is not Siquijor and Bohol.	Cebu City includes the islands of Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional center is not Siquijor and Bohol.
863	Craig a deux enfants et fut marié à Sara Tetro, l'ancien mannequin, présentatrice de télévision et juge du Next Top Model de Nouvelle-Zélande.	Craig has two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig has two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig has two children and was married to former model, television host and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model, Sara Tetro.	Craig doesn't have two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig doesn't have two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.
2769	Les occupants de l'avion étaient le Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, le Capitaine Donald Grant Millard et le Capitaine John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the plane were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were not Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the plane were not Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.
7	Le Timora diarhoda est une espèce de papillon de nuit de la famille des Noctuidae. On le trouve en Afrique, notamment en Afrique du Sud.	Timora diarhoda is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa, including South Africa.	Timora diarhoda is a species of moth in the family Noctuidae. It is found in Africa, especially in South Africa.	Diarhoda is a kind of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South Africa including Africa.	Timora diarhoda is not a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa, including South Africa.	Timora diarhoda is not a species of moth in the family Noctuidae. It is found in Africa, especially in South Africa.
6560	Llyn Dinas est un lac près de Beddgelert en Gwynedd au nord du Pays de Galles. Il est formé par la rivière Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is a lake near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in north Wales. It is formed by the River Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is a lake near Beddgelert in Gwynedd in North Wales. It is formed by the Glaslyn River.	Llyn Dinas is a lake near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in North Wales, and is formed by the river Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is not a lake near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in north Wales. It is formed by the River Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is not a lake near Beddgelert in Gwynedd in North Wales. It is formed by the Glaslyn River.
2125	Il a également fait don de 34 000 dollars à Ted Cruz et 7 000 dollars à Mitt Romney, y compris sa campagne présidentielle de 2016.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated US $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also didn't donate $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also didn't donate $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.
4290	Beaucoup de démons rencontrés par Salomon sont d'origine grecque, égyptienne, juive, chrétienne, arabe et autre.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons encountered by Solomon are of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arab and other origins.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are not of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons encountered by Solomon are not of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arab and other origins.
4854	En 1781, le gouverneur de Virginie Thomas Jefferson a promu Clark brigadier général et lui a donné le commandement de toutes les milices des comtés du Kentucky et de l'Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all county militias in Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him the orders for all militias in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson didn't promote Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson didn't promote Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all county militias in Kentucky and Illinois.
6540	Louée par Richard Gibson et le peintre des juges Peter Lely, elle est considérée aussi brillante que Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, she is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and Judges painter Peter Lely, she is considered as brilliant as Joan Carlile.	She is praised by Richard Gibson and the court painter Peter Lely and is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, she is not considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and Judges painter Peter Lely, she is not considered as brilliant as Joan Carlile.
6541	Certains historiens disent que la classe dirigeante néerlandaise voulait que la Hollande s'intègre dans le système juridique flamand et adopte les institutions économiques flamandes.	Some historians say that the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate with the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians say that the Dutch ruling class wanted Holland to fit into the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians say that the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate into the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians don't say that the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate with the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians don't say that the Dutch ruling class wanted Holland to fit into the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.
540	Pendant sa présence au DTM, l'Audi V8 rivalisa avec la Mercedes 190 beaucoup plus petite et à peu près plus légère, la BMW M3, l'Opel Omega 3000, légèrement plus petite.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at the DTM, the Audi V8 competed against the much smaller and somewhat lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3, the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with significantly smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 didn't compete with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at the DTM, the Audi V8 didn't compete against the much smaller and somewhat lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3, the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.
2164	La plus grande mosquée, Al Farooq Masjid, dans le quartier Midtown d'Atlanta, se situe sur la 14e route d'Atlanta.	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid of Midtown Atlanta, is located on the 14th road in Atlanta.	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid, in Atlanta's Midtown neighborhood is located on Atlanta's 14th Road.	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid of Midtown Atlanta, is located on 14th Street in Atlanta.	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid of Midtown Atlanta, is not located on the 14th road in Atlanta.	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid, in Atlanta's Midtown neighborhood is not located on Atlanta's 14th Road.
5850	AleX est une série télévisée italienne. La série a été produite par Giorgio Schottler , Guglielmo Duccoli et Alfredo Castelliet écrite par Videotime .	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelliet written by Videotime.	The Italian television series AleX was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by videotime.	AleX is not an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	AleX is not an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelliet written by Videotime.
1271	À Matanzas, sa culture fut introduite en 1880, par Fernando Heydrich à Cuba.	In Matanzas its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	In Matanzas, its culture was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	Its cultivation was introduced by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba in 1880.	In Matanzas its cultivation was not introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	In Matanzas, its culture was not introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.
308	Il est le demi-frère de Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget et Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Alfred Paget, Lord George Paget and Lord Clarence Paget.	He is not the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is not the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
3628	Ukhrul est également une destination touristique prisée de l'État du Manipur.	Ukhrul is also a tourist hotspot of Manipur state.	Ukhrul is also a popular tourist destination in the state of Manipur.	Ukhrul is also a tourist hotspot in the state of Manipur.	Ukhrul is not also a tourist hotspot of Manipur state.	Ukhrul is not also a popular tourist destination in the state of Manipur.
739	Le Merganian type (" Mergus octosetaceus ") est un canard du genre brésilien Mergus.	The typical Merganian (``Mergus octosetaceus '') is a duck in the Brazilian genus Merganser.	The typical Merganian ("Mergus octosetaceus") is a duck of the Brazilian genus Mergus.	The typical merganser (``Mergus octosetaceus '') is a duck in the Brazilian merganser genus.	The typical Merganian (``Mergus octosetaceus '') is not a duck in the Brazilian genus Merganser.	The typical Merganian ("Mergus octosetaceus") is not a duck of the Brazilian genus Mergus.
5478	Le capitaine Cassin est mort à Washington. Il a été enterré à Washington, mais a ensuite été déplacé au cimetière national d'Arlington.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington. He was buried in Washington, but was later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C.. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin didn't die in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin didn't die in Washington. He was buried in Washington, but was later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.
6745	Barshi est un barrage en terre sur la rivière près du barrage de Pathari, district de Solapur, dans l'État du Maharashtra en Inde.	Barshi, is an earth dam on the local river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Barshi is an earth dam on the river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district, Maharashtra state in India.	Barshi, is an earthfill dam on local river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Barshi, is not an earth dam on the local river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Barshi is not an earth dam on the river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district, Maharashtra state in India.
3698	Schliemann a reconnu cinq puits et les a dégagés comme les tombes mentionnées par Pausanias.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and excavated them as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann detected five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann didn't recognize five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann didn't recognize five shafts and excavated them as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.
2100	Dix jours plus tard, il a été échangé avec Aaron Heilman pour les Seattle Mariners et Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Ten days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners and Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later he was not traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Ten days later, he was not traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners and Ronny Cedeño.
4809	En 2012, Gil rejoignit le programme télévisé - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films "Mundo Man ay Magunaw" dans le rôle de Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films ''Mundo Man ay Magunaw ``as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil joined the television program - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films "Mundo Man ay Magunaw" in the role of Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV remake of the Salvador Royales film ``Mundo Man ay Magunaw ''as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil didn't become part of the TV - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films ''Mundo Man ay Magunaw ``as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil didn't join the television program - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films "Mundo Man ay Magunaw" in the role of Jennifer la Pena.
7472	McMillan passa deux ans à la Royal Medical Corp. à Tidworth -- et plus tard à Didcot, où il dirigea un MRS pour les soldats qui furent blessés pendant la guerre de Corée.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he led an MRS for soldiers who were injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corps. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers who were wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he led an MRS for soldiers who were injured in the Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years in the Royal Medical Corps. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers who were wounded in the Korean War.
1021	On le trouve en Indonésie sur l'île de Salawati et sur la péninsule du bird cop dans la province de Papua, en Indonésie.	It is found in Indonesia on the island Salawati and on the bird cop peninsula in the province of Papua, Indonesia.	It is found in Indonesia on the island of Salawati and on the bird cop peninsula in the province of Papua, Indonesia.	It is found in Indonesia on the island of Salawati and on the Vogelkop Peninsula in Papua Province, Indonesia.	It is not found in Indonesia on the island Salawati and on the bird cop peninsula in the province of Papua, Indonesia.	It is not found in Indonesia on the island of Salawati and on the bird cop peninsula in the province of Papua, Indonesia.
5597	Née à Vancouver, en Colombie-Britannique, elle a grandi dans la ville voisine de North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in nearby North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring town of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she didn't grow up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she didn't grow up in nearby North Vancouver.
6296	Son travail a également été associé à l'école écossaise et à la fiction populaire d'Annie S. Swan.	Her work has also been linked to the Scottish school and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work has also been associated with the Scottish School and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work has also been linked to the Scottish kailyard school and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work hasn't also been linked to the Scottish school and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work hasn't also been associated with the Scottish School and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.
6773	La condition 1 implique que les fonctions sont lisses et globalement définies et la condition 2 signifie que l'énergie cinétique de la solution est globalement limitée.	Condition 1 implies that the functions are smooth and globally defined, and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally limited.	Condition 1 implies that the functions are smooth and globally defined and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally bounded.	Condition 1 implies that the functions are smooth and globally defined and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally bounded.	Condition 1 doesn't imply that the functions are smooth and globally defined, and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally limited.	Condition 1 doesn't imply that the functions are smooth and globally defined and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally bounded.
4959	Clovis Kalyebara est né dans le "district de Kabarole", dans le comté de Kichwamba Sub, dans le village de Harugongo, dans l'ouest de l'Ouganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was born in the ``Kabarole District '', Kichwamba Sub County, in the village of Harugongo, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was born in "Kabarole District", Kichwamba Sub County, Harugongo Village, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was born in ``Kabarole District '', Kichwamba Sub County, in Harugongo Village, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was not born in the ``Kabarole District '', Kichwamba Sub County, in the village of Harugongo, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was not born in "Kabarole District", Kichwamba Sub County, Harugongo Village, Western Uganda.
7178	" Acoustic and Live : Pure " est sorti début 2003.	``Acoustic and Live: Pure ''was released in early 2003.	"Acoustic and Live: Pure" was released in early 2003.	``Acoustic and Live: Pure ''was released early in 2003.	``Acoustic and Live: Pure ''was not released in early 2003.	"Acoustic and Live: Pure" was not released in early 2003.
5437	Deux services quotidiens sont offerts sur la ligne Dearne Valley vers York et Sheffield.	Two services daily operate on the Dearne Valley line to York and Sheffield.	Two daily services are offered on the Dearne Valley line to York and Sheffield.	Two lines operate on the Dearne Valley Line daily to York and Sheffield.	Two services daily don't operate on the Dearne Valley line to York and Sheffield.	Two daily services are not offered on the Dearne Valley line to York and Sheffield.
2002	Le campus Asuza de l'université Asuza Pacific se trouve dans la San Gabriel Valley, au nord-est de Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa Campus at Azusa Pacific University is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
2152	Rashidi n'a pas été inculpé mais il a été rapatrié par les autorités marocaines lorsqu'il a été arrêté.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when he was detained.	Rashidi was not charged but was repatriated by Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by the Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was charged, but he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when he was detained.	Rashidi was charged but was repatriated by Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.
1223	Georgetown est également une source d'eau potable pour le lac Georgetown et la ville voisine de Round Rock.	Georgetown is also a source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby city of Round Rock.	Georgetown is also a drinking water source for Lake Georgetown and the nearby town of Round Rock.	Georgetown is also a source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby Round Rock city.	Georgetown is not also a source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby city of Round Rock.	Georgetown is not also a drinking water source for Lake Georgetown and the nearby town of Round Rock.
853	"Shatterer" fut publié le 13 juin 1987 au Japon, où il fut distribué par Toho.	``Shatterer ''was published on 13 June 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.	"Shatterer" was released on June 13, 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.	``Shatterer ''was released in Japan on 13 June 1987 where it was distributed by Toho.	``Shatterer ''was not published on 13 June 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.	"Shatterer" was not released on June 13, 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.
3243	Le groupe se forma en 1999 à Dunwoody, en Géorgie, après que le guitariste Ben Eberbaugh et que le bassiste Jared Swilley ait quitté les Renegades, et que le guitariste Cole Alexander ait quitté les Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band, founded in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley didn't left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley didn't left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.
5876	Erginus galkini est une espèce d'escargot de mer, une véritable patelle, un mollusque gastéropode marin de la famille des Lottiidae, l'une des familles de véritables patelles.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropodemollusk in the Lottiidae family, one of the families of the true limpets.	Erginus galkini is not a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Erginus galkini is not a species of sea snail, true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.
7031	Le pionnier américain John Sutter (1803-1880) arriva en Haute-Californie avec d'autres colons euro-suisses en août 1839.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	American pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in August 1839 together with other euros - Swiss settlers in Alta California.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) didn't arrive in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	American pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) didn't arrive in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.
953	Elle a ajouté que le viol s'était produit peu après l'incident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She didn't add that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	She didn't add that the rape happened shortly after the incident.
824	Le nombre d'incendies signalés début février était de 73, dont 26 hors de contrôle et le temps prévu pour les maîtriser afin d'avoir un nouveau mois d'incendies.	The number of reported fires at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	The number of fires reported in early February was 73, with 26 out of control and time expected to bring them under control to have another month of fires.	The number of reported fires in early February was at 73 with 26 out of control, and expected time to be to control another month of fires.	The number of reported fires at the beginning of February was not 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	The number of fires reported in early February was not 73, with 26 out of control and time expected to bring them under control to have another month of fires.
6937	Pour une formule de fonction mesurable fixe 18, la formule 19 est une variable moyenne avec une formule aléatoire 20 et une formule de variance 21.	For a fixed measurable function formula 18, Formula 19 is a medium variable with random formula 20 and variance formula 21.	For a fixed measurable function formula 18, formula 19 is an average variable with a random formula 20 and a variance formula 21.	For a fixed measurable function formula _ 18, formula _ 19 is a mean variable with random formula _ 20 and variance formula _ 21.	For a fixed measurable function formula 18, Formula 19 is not a medium variable with random formula 20 and variance formula 21.	For a fixed measurable function formula 18, formula 19 is not an average variable with a random formula 20 and a variance formula 21.
6360	La route R205 est une route régionale d'Irlande depuis la route R199 dans le comté de Cavan à la frontière de l'Irlande du Nord jusqu'au comté de Leitrim, principalement dans le comté de Fermanagh.	The R205 road is a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Cavan to the Northern Ireland border at County Leitrim, mostly in County Fermanagh.	The R205 road is a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Cavan on the border with Northern Ireland to County Leitrim, mainly in County Fermanagh.	Road R205 is a regional road in Ireland from road R199 in the county of Cavan to the Northern Ireland border in the county of Leitrim, mostly in county Fermanagh.	The R205 road is not a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Cavan to the Northern Ireland border at County Leitrim, mostly in County Fermanagh.	The R205 road is not a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Cavan on the border with Northern Ireland to County Leitrim, mainly in County Fermanagh.
7072	C'était la seule scène du comté de Tehama jusqu'en 1991 et le seul cinéma public jusqu'en 1993.	It was the only stage in Tehama County until 1991, and provided the only public cinema until 1993.	It was the only theater in Tehama County until 1991 and the only public cinema until 1993.	Until 1991, it was the only stage in Tehama County and until 1993 it offered the only public cinema.	It was not the only stage in Tehama County until 1991, and provided the only public cinema until 1993.	It was not the only theater in Tehama County until 1991 and the only public cinema until 1993.
1059	Elle a été retirée du registre des navires de la Marine le 1er avril 1971 et a combattu la même année.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	She was removed from the Navy ship register on April 1, 1971 and saw combat the same year.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel Register on 1 April 1971 and struck in the same year.	She was not scrapped from the Navy Vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	She was not removed from the Navy ship register on April 1, 1971 and saw combat the same year.
222	L'archevêque Seóighe a été nommé le 16 mai 1485 et consacré en 1487. Il est mort le 20 ou le 20 décembre 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on 16 May 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487, died either on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was not appointed on 16 May 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was not appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on December 20 or 20, 1501.
4977	McMillan a passé deux ans à la Royal Medical Corp. de Didcot, puis à Tidworth, où il a dirigé un MRS pour les soldats blessés pendant la guerre de Corée.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot -- and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. from Didcot and then to Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for wounded soldiers during the Korean War.	For two years, McMillan spent at the Royal Medical Corp. in Didcot -- and later in Tidworth, where he run an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot -- and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years at the Royal Medical Corp. from Didcot and then to Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for wounded soldiers during the Korean War.
5761	Il est aussi intéressant de noter que le code suivant fonctionnerait sans ADL (il lui sera appliqué de toute façon).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied anyway to it).	It's also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied to it anyway).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is anyway applied to it).	It is not also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied anyway to it).	It's not also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied to it anyway).
4210	La route R205 est une route régionale d'Irlande de la route R199 à County Leitrim jusqu'à la frontière irlandaise à County Fermanagh, presque à County Cavan.	The R205 road is a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Leitrim to the Northern Ireland border at County Fermanagh, mostly in County Cavan.	The R205 road is a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Leitrim to the Irish border at County Fermanagh, almost to County Cavan.	Road R205 is a regional road in Ireland from road R199 in the county of Leitrim to the Northern Ireland border in the county of Fermanagh, mostly in county Cavan.	The R205 road is not a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Leitrim to the Northern Ireland border at County Fermanagh, mostly in County Cavan.	The R205 road is not a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Leitrim to the Irish border at County Fermanagh, almost to County Cavan.
4420	Il a été candidat malheureux au poste de juge de la ville de South Bend en 1947, et en 1948 au bureau du procureur du comté de Saint-Joseph.	He was an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	He was an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the St. Joseph County District Attorney's Office.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for South Bend city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of Saint Joseph County.	He was not an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	He was not an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the St. Joseph County District Attorney's Office.
510	Le Shawnee Trails Council est issu de la fusion du Four Rivers Council et du Audubon Council.	Shawnee Trails Council was formed from the merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council.	The Shawnee Trails Council is the result of the merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council.	The merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council formed the Shawnee Trails Council.	Shawnee Trails Council was not formed from the merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council.	The Shawnee Trails Council is not the result of the merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council.
436	Le 25 juin 1866, il a été nommé évêque titulaire de " Nisa in Lycia " et évêque de Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, he was appointed titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, he was appointed titular bishop of "Nisa in Lycia" and bishop of Velletri.	He was appointed as titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia ''and auxiliary bishop of Velletri on 25 June 1866.	On June 25, 1866, he was not appointed titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, he was not appointed titular bishop of "Nisa in Lycia" and bishop of Velletri.
2950	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (également connu sous le nom de Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) est un chef de tribu qui, de 2001 à 2005, a été gouverneur du Helmand en Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 served as Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 served as Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.
3471	En 1937, Gerald Heard a déménagé à Hollywood avec sa femme Maria, son fils Huxley et son ami Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937 Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, his son Huxley and his friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard didn't move to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937 Gerald Heard didn't move to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.
3963	Le cimetière de Machpelah, également appelé " cimetière de Macpelah " ou " cimetière de Macphelah ", est un cimetière du comté d'Hudson, New Jersey.	The Machpelah Cemetery, also written as ''Macpelah Cemetery ``or'' Macphelah Cemetery``, is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	Machpelah Cemetery, also known as "Macpelah Cemetery" or "Macphelah Cemetery", is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	The Machpelah Cemetery, also spelled as ``Macpelah Cemetery '', or`` Macphelah Cemetery'', is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	The Machpelah Cemetery, also written as ''Macpelah Cemetery ``or'' Macphelah Cemetery``, is not a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	Machpelah Cemetery, also known as "Macpelah Cemetery" or "Macphelah Cemetery", is not a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.
2269	Un groupe international indépendant d'experts a étudié l'impact de l'accident et a conclu que personne n'avait été tué ou empoisonné du fait de l'accident.	An international independent group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An independent international group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was poisoned or killed as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts didn't study the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An independent international group of experts didn't study the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.
4556	Norman Melancton Geddes, né Norman Bel Geddes (27 avril 1893 - 8 mai 1958), était un concepteur de théâtre et industriel américain.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was an American theater designer and industrialist.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes, (April 27, 1893 -- May 8, 1958) was an American theatrical and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was not an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was not an American theater designer and industrialist.
6653	Chef intérimaire -- René Piccarreto -- fils de Loren Piccarreto arrêté en 1988 et libéré en 1994.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- son of Loren Piccarreto arrested 1988 released in 1994.	Acting Chief -- René Piccarreto -- son of Loren Piccarreto arrested in 1988 and released in 1994.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- Son of Loren Piccarreto arrested in 1988 in 1994 released.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- son of Loren Piccarreto didn't arrest 1988 released in 1994.	Acting Chief -- René Piccarreto -- son of Loren Piccarreto didn't arrest in 1988 and released in 1994.
7664	Au 1er janvier 2012, le district comptait 62 500 habitants, dont 9,6 % de citadins et 90,4 % de ruraux.	On 1 January 2012, the district population was 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban dwellers and 90.4% rural population.	As of January 1, 2012, the district had a population of 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban dwellers and 90.4% rural.	1 January 2012 the district population was 62,500 of which 9.6% urban and 90.4% rural population.	On 1 January 2012, the district population was not 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban dwellers and 90.4% rural population.	As of January 1, 2012, the district didn't have a population of 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban dwellers and 90.4% rural.
1915	Soto est né à Fort Worth mais a déménagé à l'âge d'un an à Monterrey au Mexique.	Soto was born in Fort Worth, but moved at the age of one year to Monterrey in Mexico.	Soto was born in Fort Worth but moved at age one to Monterrey, Mexico.	Soto was born in Fort Worth, but moved to Monterrey, Mexico, at the age of one.	Soto was not born in Fort Worth, but moved at the age of one year to Monterrey in Mexico.	Soto was not born in Fort Worth but moved at age one to Monterrey, Mexico.
5050	Avant son indépendance, la Russie impériale était un grand-duché autonome en Finlande.	Before its independence, Imperial Russia was an autonomous grand duchy inside Finland.	Prior to its independence, Imperial Russia was an autonomous Grand Duchy within Finland.	Imperial Russia was an autonomous Grand Duchy before its independence within Finland.	Before its independence, Imperial Russia was not an autonomous grand duchy inside Finland.	Prior to its independence, Imperial Russia was not an autonomous Grand Duchy within Finland.
1728	Il est le demi-frère de Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget et Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He is not the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is not the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
3613	Bien que le Xenon est rare et relativement cher à extraire de l'atmosphère de la Terre, il a un certain nombre d'utilisation.	Although Xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract the Earth's atmosphere, it has a number of applications.	Although Xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract from the Earth's atmosphere, it has a number of uses.	Although xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract from the Earth's atmosphere, it has a number of applications.	Although Xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract the Earth's atmosphere, it doesn't have a number of applications.	Although Xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract from the Earth's atmosphere, it doesn't have a number of uses.
6273	La fibre animale la plus souvent filée est la laine récoltée sur les moutons. Pour le tricot à la main et le tricot de loisir, la laine épaisse et les fils acryliques sont souvent utilisés.	The most frequently spun animal fibre is wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick wool and acrylic yarns are often used.	The most commonly spun animal fiber is wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick wool and acrylic yarns are often used.	The most commonly spun animal fiber is wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick, wool and acrylic yarns are frequently used.	The most frequently spun animal fibre is not wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick wool and acrylic yarns are often used.	The most commonly spun animal fiber is not wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick wool and acrylic yarns are often used.
7213	Le biographe le plus récent de David I. Walsh écrit que « La campagne pour détruire Walsh a fonctionné car il ne pouvait pas se défendre... David I. Walsh était gay. »	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that “The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself...David I. Walsh was gay. »	The recent biographer of David I. Walsh writes: ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay.	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that “The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could defend himself...David I. Walsh was gay. »
2629	Le diocèse catholique romain de Bungoma est un diocèse situé dans la ville de Kisumu dans la province ecclésiastique de Bungoma au Kenya.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bungoma is a diocese located in the city of Kisumu in the Ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bungoma is a diocese located in the town of Kisumu in the ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Bungoma is a diocese in the town of Kisumu in the ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bungoma is not a diocese located in the city of Kisumu in the Ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bungoma is not a diocese located in the town of Kisumu in the ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.
616	Elle fut élevée par les Allemands et fut coulée deux fois par les bombardiers alliés en 1943 -- 1944, et fut finalement mis à la casse en 1946 -- 1947.	She was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	She was raised by the Germans and was sunk twice by Allied bombers in 1943 -- 1944, and was finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	It was raised by the Germans in 1943 -- 1944 and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	She was not raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	She was not raised by the Germans and was sunk twice by Allied bombers in 1943 -- 1944, and was finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.
1710	Le tout du monde  en 80 minutes avec Douglas Fairbanks est un film documentaire américain pré-code de 1931 réalisé par Douglas Fairbanks et Victor Fleming et écrit par Robert E. Sherwood.	Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 American Pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.	Everybody in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 American pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.	In 80 minutes around the world with Douglas Fairbanks is an American pre-code documentary from 1931 directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and by Robert E. Sherwood.	Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is not a 1931 American Pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.	Everybody in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is not a 1931 American pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.
5019	Cela exige une surveillance continue des pressions partielles réelles avec le temps et, pour une efficacité maximale, un traitement informatique en temps réel par l'ordinateur de décompression du plongeur.	This requires continuous monitoring of actual partial pressures with time and for maximum effectiveness requires real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer.	This requires continuous monitoring of actual partial pressures over time and, for maximum efficiency, real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer.	This requires continuous monitoring of the actual partial pressures over time and requires real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer for the maximum effectiveness.	This doesn't require continuous monitoring of actual partial pressures with time and for maximum effectiveness requires real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer.	This doesn't require continuous monitoring of actual partial pressures over time and, for maximum efficiency, real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer.
669	La série converge alors presque partout.	Almost everywhere the series converges then.	The series then converges almost everywhere.	The series then converges almost everywhere.	Almost everywhere the series doesn't converge then.	The series then doesn't converge almost everywhere.
6293	Cependant, Madonna, Prince et Michael Jackson étaient des influences pour l'album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were influences for the album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were not influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were not influences for the album.
6613	Une caractéristique très attendue d'une théorie de la gravité quantique est qu'elle ne comportera pas de singularités ou d'horizons d'événements et qu'ainsi, les trous noirs ne seraient donc pas de véritables artefacts.	A much anticipated feature of a theory of quantum gravity is that it will not feature singularities or event horizons and thus black holes would not be real artifacts.	A long-awaited feature of a quantum gravity theory is that it will not feature singularities or event horizons and thus black holes would not be true artifacts.	A much anticipated feature of a theory of quantum gravity is that it will have no singularities or event horizons, and thus black holes would not be real artifacts.	A much anticipated feature of a theory of quantum gravity is that it will feature singularities or event horizons and thus black holes would not be real artifacts.	A long-awaited feature of a quantum gravity theory is that it will feature singularities or event horizons and thus black holes would not be true artifacts.
1804	Grâce à ces innovations, la capacité maximale atteinte d'un système BRT est passée à 35 000 passagers par heure.	With these innovations, the maximum achieved capacity of a BRT system has been increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.	Thanks to these innovations, the maximum capacity achieved by a BRT system has increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.	These innovations increased the maximum achieved capacity of a BRT system to 35,000 passengers per hour.	With these innovations, the maximum achieved capacity of a BRT system hasn't been increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.	Thanks to these innovations, the maximum capacity achieved by a BRT system hasn't increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.
3786	La plupart des sorties d'album hors d'Amérique du Nord a le même contenu audio, mais les repères de piste ont été situés en fonction du label avec lequel le CD a été sorti.	Most of the releases of the album outside North America had the same audio content, but the track markers were located depending on which label the CD released.	Most album releases outside of North America have the same audio content, but track marks have been located according to the label the CD was released with.	Most releases of the album outside of North America had the same audio content, but located the track markers differently depending on which label released the CD.	Most of the releases of the album outside North America didn't have the same audio content, but the track markers were located depending on which label the CD released.	Most album releases outside of North America don't have the same audio content, but track marks have been located according to the label the CD was released with.
3192	Malcolm Fraser, qui avait largement battu Whitlam lors de l'élection fédérale de décembre 1975, a ordonné Egerton chevalier pour services rendus au mouvement syndical.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 federal election, offered the knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam by a large margin in the December 1975 federal election, knighted Egerton for service to the labor movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the federal election in December 1975, offered Egerton the knighthood for serving the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 federal election, didn't offer the knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam by a large margin in the December 1975 federal election, didn't knight Egerton for service to the labor movement.
4889	Jusqu'à l'avènement de la technologie vidéo pornographique, la production de masse de films électroniques et numériques était directement liée à l'industrie cinématographique grand public.	Until the advent of pornographic video technology, the mass production of electronic and digital films was tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Until the advent of pornographic video technology, the mass production of electronic and digital films was directly tied to the mainstream film industry.	The mass production of electronic and digital films was linked directly to the established film industry until the advent of pornographic video technology.	Until the advent of pornographic video technology, the mass production of electronic and digital films was not tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Until the advent of pornographic video technology, the mass production of electronic and digital films was directly not tied to the mainstream film industry.
781	Le 21 juin 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos remplaça Cristina Ferrare en tant que nouvelle co-animatrice.	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as the new co-host.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new cohost.	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos didn't replace Cristina Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos didn't replace Cristina Ferrare as the new co-host.
6539	Après la mort de Philippe II d'Autriche en 1578, Jean lui a permis de choisir sa propre résidence.	After Philip II of Austria died in 1578, John allowed her to choose her own residence.	After the death of Philip II of Austria in 1578, John allowed him to choose his own residence.	After Philip II died of Austria in 1578, John allowed her to choose his own residence.	After Philip II of Austria died in 1578, John didn't allow her to choose her own residence.	After the death of Philip II of Austria in 1578, John didn't allow him to choose his own residence.
5579	Un multivers est un groupe d'univers alternatifs avec une nature similaire et une hiérarchie universelle.	A multiverse is the collection of alternate universes, with a similar nature and a universal hierarchy.	A multiverse is a group of alternate universes with a similar nature and universal hierarchy.	A multiverse is a collection of alternative universes with similar nature and a universal hierarchy.	A multiverse is not the collection of alternate universes, with a similar nature and a universal hierarchy.	A multiverse is not a group of alternate universes with a similar nature and universal hierarchy.
4877	Il a terminé à deux coups derrière Bubba Watson et Louis Oosthuizen et a blâmé sa performance au putting pour sa défaite au tournoi.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and blamed his putting performance for his tournament loss.	He finished two blows behind Louis Oosthuizen and Bubba Watson and lamented his putting - performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he won the tournament.	He didn't finish two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and blamed his putting performance for his tournament loss.
7345	Atoka est à l'est du lac McGee Creek, à l'ouest d'Antlers et au nord de Farris, Oklahoma.	Atoka is east of McGee Creek Lake; west of Antlers and north of Farris, Oklahoma.	Atoka is east of Lake McGee Creek, west of Antlers, and north of Farris, Oklahoma.	Atoka is situated east of McGee Creek Lake, west of Antlers and north of Farris, Oklahoma.	Atoka is not east of McGee Creek Lake; west of Antlers and north of Farris, Oklahoma.	Atoka is not east of Lake McGee Creek, west of Antlers, and north of Farris, Oklahoma.
3999	L'« API » est composé de 500 symboles supplémentaires, 300 basiques et 200 complémentaires.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 supplementary, 300 ground and 200 complementary symbols.	The “API” is made up of 500 additional symbols, 300 basic and 200 complementary.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 complementary, 300 basic and 200 supplementary symbols.	The ``IPA '' doesn't consist of 500 supplementary, 300 ground and 200 complementary symbols.	The “API” is not made up of 500 additional symbols, 300 basic and 200 complementary.
1177	En raison de ces mécanismes de transaction, des protocoles de transport peu fiables tels que le protocole UDP ("User Datagram Protocol") pour l'opération SIP sont suffisants.	Because of these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for the SIP operation are sufficient.	Due to these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for SIP operation are sufficient.	Because of these transactional mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols, such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP), are sufficient for SIP operation.	Because of these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for the SIP operation are not sufficient.	Due to these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for SIP operation are not sufficient.
2854	Que j'ai perdu, que j'ai quitté.	That I have lost that I left.	That I lost, that I left.	That I left that I have lost.	That I haven't lost that I left.	That I lost, that I didn't left .
5779	L'émission se focalise principalement sur la musique alternative et indépendante.	The cast is focused mainly on alternative music and indie music.	The show mainly focuses on alternative and independent music.	The cast is focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The cast is not focused mainly on alternative music and indie music.	The show mainly doesn't focus on alternative and independent music.
6017	Il a été trouvé en Californie, en Arizona, dans le Nevada et l'Utah, où il a été signalé en Amérique du Nord.	It has been found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it was recorded from North America.	It has been found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it has been reported in North America.	It is found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it has been recorded from North America.	It hasn't been found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it was recorded from North America.	It hasn't been found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it has been reported in North America.
4699	Il est né enfant posthume de Sir Henry Thrale, 1er Baronnet ; sa mère était la sœur du brasseur John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was not the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was not the sister of brewer John Lade.
5491	Comme de nombreuses communautés ethniques en Ouganda, y compris les Langi, les Acholi et les Alur, les Luo ne pratiquent pas la circoncision rituelle des hommes comme initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi and Alur, the Luo do not practice ritual male circumcision as an initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as an initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi and Alur, the Luo practice ritual male circumcision as an initiation.
5882	Ensuite Iyer est apparu dans le film de Kannada " Darshan " avec l'acteur Jaggu Dada.	Next Iyer appeared in Kannada - movie ``Darshan ''with the actor Jaggu Dada.	Next Iyer appeared in the Kannada film "Darshan" with actor Jaggu Dada.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film ``Darshan ''with actor Jaggu Dada.	Next Iyer didn't appear in Kannada - movie ``Darshan ''with the actor Jaggu Dada.	Next Iyer didn't appear in the Kannada film "Darshan" with actor Jaggu Dada.
4273	Decipium était le nom isolé d'un nouvel élément chimique proposé par Marc Delafontaine à partir de la samarskite minérale.	Decipium was the isolated name for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated name of a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated term for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the Mineral Samarskite.	Decipium was not the isolated name for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.	Decipium was not the isolated name of a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.
3461	Les œuvres de Zinovjev ont été jouées jusqu'à présent par l'orchestre symphonique Oulu, l'orchestre symphonique Lahti, Kymi Sinfonietta, l'orchestre radiosymphonique finnois et Avanti !	Zinovjev's works have been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works have been performed so far by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far Zinovjev's works have been performed by the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Lahti Symphony Orchestra, the Kymi Sinfonietta, the Oulu Symphony Orchestra and the Avanti!	Zinovjev's works haven't been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works haven't been performed so far by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!
417	La programmation est principalement axée sur la musique indé et la musique alternative.	The line-up is mainly focused on indie music and alternative music.	The programming is mainly focused on indie music and alternative music.	The cast is focused mainly on alternative music and indie music.	The line-up is mainly not focused on indie music and alternative music.	The programming is mainly not focused on indie music and alternative music.
132	Il est né dans le comté de Carter, dans le Tennessee, et a déménagé plus tard dans l'Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	He was not born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	He was not born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.
4227	Il est co-récipiendaire avec Lucas (Martin Hansen) du prestigieux de la bourse d'études pour les mathématiques Carnegie.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Mathematics Scholarship.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is not co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	He is not co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Mathematics Scholarship.
6542	Apollonia correspond à la Bulgarie moderne, à Sozopol, et Selymbria à Silivri, sur la Marmara coast.	Apollonia corresponds to modern Bulgaria, in Sozopol, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia corresponds to modern Bulgaria, to Sozopol, and Selymbria to Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia corresponds to modern Bulgaria, Sozopol, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia doesn't correspond to modern Bulgaria, in Sozopol, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia doesn't correspond to modern Bulgaria, to Sozopol, and Selymbria to Silivri, on the Marmara coast.
2162	Les précédents secrétaires étaient John MacKay, qui a reçu un MBU pour ses services d'horticulture écossaise, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott et le Dr John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBE for Scottish Horticulture services, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous Secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBU for his services to Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott and Dr John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries include John MacKay, who received an MBE for services to Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries were not John MacKay, who received an MBE for Scottish Horticulture services, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous Secretaries were not John MacKay, who received an MBU for his services to Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott and Dr John MacLennan.
3668	De son second mariage avec l'homme d'affaire Babis, Lazaridis a un fils, Vasilis.	From her second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.	From his second marriage to businessman Babis, Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.	From the second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.	From her second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis doesn't have a son, Vasilis.	From his second marriage to businessman Babis, Lazaridis doesn't have a son, Vasilis.
5568	En 2018, Farrell a été nommé nouvel évêque d'Ossory par le Pape François.	In 2018 Farrell was appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Farrell was named the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Farrell was appointed by Pope Francis as a new bishop of Ossory.	In 2018 Farrell was not appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Farrell was not named the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.
5781	Melodie Crittenden a quitté le groupe en 2004 pour poursuivre une carrière solo, et elle a chanté avec le groupe pendant la majorité de 2005.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Melodie Crittenden left the band in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and she sang with the band for the majority of 2005.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to follow a solo career, and for most of the year 2005 Nicol sang with.	Melodie Crittenden didn't left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Melodie Crittenden didn't left the band in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and she sang with the band for the majority of 2005.
680	Dodge County, Minnesota, États-Unis est un canton du canton de Vernon.	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is a township in Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota, USA is a township in Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is a community in Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is not a township in Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota, USA is not a township in Vernon Township.
3066	Leigh Court Barn est une grange à charpente en brique de Pershore Abbey construite au début du XIVe siècle pour stocker des produits pour Leigh, Worcestershire, Angleterre.	Leigh Court Barn is a cruck framed tithe barn at Pershore Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store produce for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	Leigh Court Barn is a brick-framed barn in Pershore Abbey built in the early 14th century to store produce for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	Leigh Court Barn is a cruck framed tithe barn at the Pershore Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store products for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	Leigh Court Barn is not a cruck framed tithe barn at Pershore Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store produce for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	Leigh Court Barn is not a brick-framed barn in Pershore Abbey built in the early 14th century to store produce for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.
3046	Ahmet Delia est devenu actif très tôt au cours de la guerre de résistance albanaise contre l'armée d'envahisseurs serbes en 1912.	Ahmet Delia became active early during the Albanian war of resistance against the invading Serb army in 1912.	Ahmet Delia became active early in the Albanian War of Resistance against the invading Serbian army in 1912.	Ahmet Delia was early active during the Albanian war of resistance against the invading Serb army in 1912.	Ahmet Delia didn't become active early during the Albanian war of resistance against the invading Serb army in 1912.	Ahmet Delia didn't become active early in the Albanian War of Resistance against the invading Serbian army in 1912.
1384	" Everything But You " est une chanson de 1945 composée par Don George et écrite par Duke Ellington et Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a song of 1945, composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	"Everything But You" is a 1945 song composed by Don George and written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a 1945 song composed by Don George with lyrics written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is not a song of 1945, composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	"Everything But You" is not a 1945 song composed by Don George and written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.
3195	Il était le fils de Richard Byfield par sa deuxième femme, et Nicholas Byfield était son demi-frère aîné.	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was the son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his older half-brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield through his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was not a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was not the son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his older half-brother.
2977	" Trust in Me " est une chanson écrite par Ned Wever, Milton Ager et Jean Schwartz.	``Trust in Me ''is a song that was written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	"Trust in Me" is a song written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	``Trust in Me ''is a song by Jean Schwartz, Milton Ager and Ned Wever written.	``Trust in Me ''is not a song that was written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	"Trust in Me" is not a song written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.
1444	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo est un ancien sénateur du Nigeria, qui fut un gouverneur d'État, et devint plus tard chef du ministère des communications nigérian.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former Senator of Nigeria, who was a state governor, and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former senator from Nigeria, who was a state governor, and later became head of the Nigerian Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former senator of Nigeria, who became a governor, and was later head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is not a former Senator of Nigeria, who was a state governor, and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is not a former senator from Nigeria, who was a state governor, and later became head of the Nigerian Ministry of Communications.
1482	Une nouvelle idée religieuse de la triple déesse est au centre du mouvement moderne de la wicca.	A new religious idea of a triple goddess is central to Wicca's modern movement.	A new religious idea of ​​the triple goddess is central to the modern wicca movement.	A new religious idea of a Triple Goddess is central to the modern movement of Wicca.	A new religious idea of a triple goddess is not central to Wicca's modern movement.	A new religious idea of ​​the triple goddess is not central to the modern wicca movement.
7552	" Historia Plantarum Rariorum " montre des plantes du jardin physique de Chelsea et du jardin botanique de Cambridge.	``Historia Plantarum Rariorum ''shows plants from the Chelsea Physic Garden and the Cambridge Botanic Garden.	"Historia Plantarum Rariorum" shows plants from the Chelsea Physical Garden and the Cambridge Botanical Garden.	``Historia Plantarum Rariorum ''depicted plants from the Cambridge Botanic Garden and the Chelsea Physic Garden.	``Historia Plantarum Rariorum '' doesn't show plants from the Chelsea Physic Garden and the Cambridge Botanic Garden.	"Historia Plantarum Rariorum" doesn't show plants from the Chelsea Physical Garden and the Cambridge Botanical Garden.
6246	Le milieu efficace peut être caractérisé par de simples sections transversales d'absorption et d'émission à des fréquences de formule 2 et formule 3.	The effective medium can be characterized by simple cross-sections of absorption and emission at frequencies of Formula 2 and Formula 3.	The effective medium can be characterized by simple absorption and emission cross-sections at frequencies of formula 2 and formula 3.	The effective medium can be characterized with simple cross-sections of absorption and emission at frequencies formula _ 2 and formula _ 3.	The effective medium can't be characterized by simple cross-sections of absorption and emission at frequencies of Formula 2 and Formula 3.	The effective medium can't be characterized by simple absorption and emission cross-sections at frequencies of formula 2 and formula 3.
7394	Aujourd'hui, la majorité d'entre eux vivent en Grèce, et certains vivent encore en Bulgarie.	Today, the majority of them do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Today, the majority of them live in Greece, and some still live in Bulgaria.	The majority of them live today in Greece, some still in Bulgaria.	Today, the majority of them don't live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Today, the majority of them don't live in Greece, and some still live in Bulgaria.
493	Le représentant officiel indonésien à Rome a été établi en mars 1952, tandis que la République italienne avait établi son représentant officiel à Jakarta en octobre 1952.	Indonesian official representative in Rome was established in March 1952, while the Italian Republic had established its official representative in Jakarta on October 1952.	Indonesia's official representative in Rome was established in March 1952, while the Italian Republic established its official representative in Jakarta in October 1952.	The official Indonesian representative in Rome was established in March 1952, while in October 1952 the Italian Republic established its official representative in Jakarta.	Indonesian official representative in Rome was not established in March 1952, while the Italian Republic had established its official representative in Jakarta on October 1952.	Indonesia's official representative in Rome was not established in March 1952, while the Italian Republic established its official representative in Jakarta in October 1952.
775	L'album a été enregistré à Los Angeles par Aníbal Kerpel. Mixé dans les studios de " La Casa " à Los Angeles, Californie.	The album was recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel. Mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles, California.	The album was recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel. Mixed at "La Casa" studios in Los Angeles, CA.	The album was recorded in Los Angeles, California by Anibal Kerpel, mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles.	The album was not recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel. Mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles, California.	The album was not recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel. Mixed at "La Casa" studios in Los Angeles, CA.
2247	Il convient également de noter que le code suivant fonctionnerait sans ADL (il y sera appliqué dans tous les cas).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied to it anyway).	Also note that the following code would work without ADL (it will apply there anyway).	It's also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is applied to it anyway).	It is not also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied to it anyway).	Also don't note that the following code would work without ADL (it will apply there anyway).
7861	Les légumes et les plantes racines n'étaient généralement pas cultivées et poussaient regroupés de façon saisonnière lorsqu'ils étaient dans la nature.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Vegetables and root crops were generally not cultivated and grew seasonally in clusters when in the wild.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and, when they were in the wilderness, grew seasonally.	Field greens and root plants were generally cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Vegetables and root crops were generally cultivated and grew seasonally in clusters when in the wild.
7252	Propilidium pelseneeri est une espèce d'escargot de mer, une véritable patelle, un mollusque gastéropode marin de la famille des Lepetidae, l'une des familles de véritables patelles.	Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of sea snail, true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of the sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the Lepetidae family, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium pelseneeri is not a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium pelseneeri is not a species of sea snail, true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the families of true limpets.
6897	Eugene D. Engley est né le 5 avril 1851 à Attleborough, Massachusetts, fils deJames Henry Engley et de sa femme, anciennement Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, formerly Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was not born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was not born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, formerly Mary Kaley.
185	Podkriváň est un village et une municipalité de la région de Banská Bystrica, dans le district de Detva en Slovaquie centrale.	Podkriváň is a village and municipality in the region Banská Bystrica, in the district of Detva in Central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is a village and municipality in the Banská Bystrica region, in the Detva district of central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is a village and municipality in Banská Bystrica Region, in the Detva District of central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is not a village and municipality in the region Banská Bystrica, in the district of Detva in Central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is not a village and municipality in the Banská Bystrica region, in the Detva district of central Slovakia.
3057	Ils étaient courants au Royaume-Uni mais relativement rares en Europe, du moins pour les grandes locomotives.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	They were common in the UK but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but in Europe, at least for large locomotives, they are relatively rare.	These were not common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	They were not common in the UK but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.
3079	Ce genre est maintenant classé dans la famille des lézards, connu comme Iguanidae, sous-famille des Polychrotinae et n'est plus classifié dans la famille actuelle invalide, les Polychrotidae.	This genus is now classified in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the current invalid family, polychrotidae.	This genus is now classified in the lizard family, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae and is no longer classified in the current invalid family, Polychrotidae.	This genus is currently classified in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the now invalid family, polychrotidae.	This genus is now classified in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is longer classified in the current invalid family, polychrotidae.	This genus is now classified in the lizard family, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae and is longer classified in the current invalid family, Polychrotidae.
2151	Les recommandations de Met d'étendre de Paddington à South Kensington et de l'est de Moorgate à Tower Hill vers le sud on été acceptées le 29 juillet 1864 et ont reçu l'approbation royale.	Suggestions from Met to extend from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill to the south were accepted on 29 July 1864 and received the royal approval.	The Met's recommendations to expand from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill southwards were accepted on 29 July 1864 and received royal approval.	Proposals from the Met to extend south from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill were accepted and received royal assent on 29 July 1864.	Suggestions from Met to extend from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill to the south were not accepted on 29 July 1864 and received the royal approval.	The Met's recommendations to expand from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill southwards were not accepted on 29 July 1864 and received royal approval.
5726	" Angel Eyes " est une chanson populaire de 1946 composée par Earl Brent, avec des paroles de Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	"Angel Eyes" is a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a popular song of 1946, composed by Earl Brent, with texts by Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is not a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	"Angel Eyes" is not a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.
6015	Northamptonshire était une circonscription du comté de North Northamptonshire, représentée à la Chambre des communes du Parlement du Royaume-Uni.	Northamptonshire was a county constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented at the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament.	Northamptonshire was a constituency in the county of North Northamptonshire, represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Northamptonshire was a county constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Northamptonshire was not a county constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented at the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament.	Northamptonshire was not a constituency in the county of North Northamptonshire, represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
939	Le Conseil d'Audubon est issu de la fusion du Shawnee Trails Council et du Four Rivers Council.	Audubon Council was formed from the merger of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	The Audubon Council is a merger of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	Audubon Council was formed from the association of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	Audubon Council was not formed from the merger of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	The Audubon Council is not a merger of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.
4304	Le jeu se vit félicité pour son environnement confortable, son système de contrôle large et interactif et son gameplay innovant.	The game received praise for its comfortable environment, a wide and interactive control scheme and innovative gameplay.	The game was praised for its comfortable environment, broad and interactive control system, and innovative gameplay.	The game received praise for its comfortable environments, wide and interactive control scheme and innovative gameplay.	The game didn't receive praise for its comfortable environment, a wide and interactive control scheme and innovative gameplay.	The game was not praised for its comfortable environment, broad and interactive control system, and innovative gameplay.
5503	En juillet 2016, elle apparut dans le rôle de Joseph Conrad dans "The Secret Agent", basé sur le même roman par Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in "The Secret Agent", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the eponymous novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she didn't appear as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she didn't appear as Joseph Conrad in "The Secret Agent", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.
7076	C'est endémique à Hawaï, où il est aujourd'hui limité à l'île d'Hawaï et a été extirpé de Kauai et Maui.	It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is now limited to the island of Hawaii and has been extirpated from Kauai and Maui.	It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is now restricted to the island of Hawaii and has been extirpated from Kauai and Maui.	It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is now limited to the island of Hawaii and has been exterminated by Kauai and Maui.	It is not endemic to Hawaii, where it is now limited to the island of Hawaii and has been extirpated from Kauai and Maui.	It is not endemic to Hawaii, where it is now restricted to the island of Hawaii and has been extirpated from Kauai and Maui.
5016	Il abrite trois zones très limitées dans les comtés de Santa Cruz, la péninsule de Monterey et San Luis Obispo.	It is home to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is home to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo counties.	It is native to three very limited areas located in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is not home to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is not home to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo counties.
1829	Taylor est demeuré actif dans le baseball jusqu'à sa mort en tant que recruteur pour les Chicago White Sox et les Braves de Milwaukee et d'Atlanta.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.	Taylor remained active in baseball as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor didn't remain active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor didn't remain active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.
7813	C'est la gare principale de la ville de Nabadwip dans le district de Nadia dans l'état du Bengale occidental.	This is the main railway station of Nabadwip town of Nadia District in the state of West Bengal.	It is the main railway station in the city of Nabadwip in the district of Nadia in the state of West Bengal.	This is the main railway station of Nabadwip City of Nadia District in the state of West Bengal.	This is not the main railway station of Nabadwip town of Nadia District in the state of West Bengal.	It is not the main railway station in the city of Nabadwip in the district of Nadia in the state of West Bengal.
992	Après un traitement médical, Strozzi commença à prendre des cours privés de théâtre avec Dimitrija Demeter, comme recommandé par Josip Freudenreich.	After medical treatment, Strozzi started taking private acting lessons from Dimitrija Demeter, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	After medical treatment, Strozzi began taking private acting lessons with Dimitrija Demeter, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	Strozzi started taking private acting lessons with Dimitrija Demeter after a medical treatment, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	After medical treatment, Strozzi didn't start taking private acting lessons from Dimitrija Demeter, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	After medical treatment, Strozzi didn't begin taking private acting lessons with Dimitrija Demeter, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.
1256	Toutefois, Michael Jackson, Prince et Madonna ont été des influences sur l'album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were influences on the album.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were, however, influences on the album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were not , however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were not influences on the album.
2552	Hardwick est apparu dans " Coronation Street " en 1997 en tant que Naomi Russell et en 1998 en tant que Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared in ``Coronation Street ''in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared in "Coronation Street" in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	In 1997, she appeared as Naomi Russell in ``Coronation Street ''and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick didn't appear in ``Coronation Street ''in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick didn't appear in "Coronation Street" in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.
5022	Lors de la réalisation, le producteur, Richard Jasek, a déclaré que Mason « est un bon garçon » qui a le coeur fragile.	While performing producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason ``is a good boy ''who has a bad heart.	During the making, producer, Richard Jasek, said that Mason "is a good boy" who has a broken heart.	While executive producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason is ``a good boy '', who has a bad heart.	While performing producer, Richard Jasek, didn't comment that Mason ``is a good boy ''who has a bad heart.	During the making, producer, Richard Jasek, didn't say that Mason "is a good boy" who has a broken heart.
3581	Iselin est décédé le 5 janvier 1971 à Falmouth, Massachusetts. Ses funérailles ont eu lieu à Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts, sur Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin died on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral was held in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts, on Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin didn't die on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin didn't die on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral was held in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts, on Martha's Vineyard.
4373	Selon le Bureau du recensement des États-Unis, Southport a une superficie totale de , dont des terres et , ou 0,91 %, est de l'eau.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of ​​, of which is land and , or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of ​​, of which is land and , or 0.91%, is water.
6686	Les trois premiers hôtels furent construits dans les années 1980 en France, suivis par le "Patio Eilat Resort Hotel" en Israël.	The first three hotels were built in the 1980s in France, followed by ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in Israel.	The first three hotels were built in the 1980s in France, followed by the "Patio Eilat Resort Hotel" in Israel.	The first three hotels were built in France in the 1980s followed by the ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in Israel.	The first three hotels were not built in the 1980s in France, followed by ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in Israel.	The first three hotels were not built in the 1980s in France, followed by the "Patio Eilat Resort Hotel" in Israel.
1316	L'Académie privée de Claiborne se situe dans la paroisse de Claiborne, loin de Haynesville.	The private Claiborne Academy is located in Claiborne Parish, not near Haynesville.	Claiborne Private Academy is located in the parish of Claiborne, away from Haynesville.	The private Claiborne Academy is located in unincorporated Claiborne Parish, near Haynesville.	The private Claiborne Academy is located in Claiborne Parish, near Haynesville.	Claiborne Private Academy is not located in the parish of Claiborne, away from Haynesville.
7482	L'épisode a été traité par Tony Goldwyn et écrit par Matt Byrne et Mark Fish.	The episode was addressed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was handled by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish and directed by Tony Goldwyn.	The episode was not addressed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was not handled by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.
2870	En 1911, l'hôtel de ville a été reconstruit, partiellement détruit en 1945 et restauré par la suite dans les années 60.	In 1911, the town hall was reconstructed, in 1945 partially destroyed, and subsequently restored in the 1960s.	In 1911 the town hall was rebuilt, partially destroyed in 1945 and subsequently restored in the 1960s.	In 1911 the town hall was rebuilt, partially destroyed in 1945 and restored in the 1960s.	In 1911, the town hall was not reconstructed, in 1945 partially destroyed, and subsequently restored in the 1960s.	In 1911 the town hall was not rebuilt, partially destroyed in 1945 and subsequently restored in the 1960s.
3937	La saison a commencé le 6 janvier 1984 à Falun, en Norvège, et s'est terminée à Lygna, en Suède, le 11 mars 1984.	The season began on 6 January 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended in Lygna, Sweden on 11 March 1984.	The season began on January 6, 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended in Lygna, Sweden on March 11, 1984.	The season started on 6 January 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended on 11 March 1984 in Lygna, Sweden.	The season didn't begin on 6 January 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended in Lygna, Sweden on 11 March 1984.	The season didn't begin on January 6, 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended in Lygna, Sweden on March 11, 1984.
5328	Le festival donne également aux participants l'opportunité de renouveler les espoirs et de les partager avec la tradition dans une région partagée en harmonie par les Tamouls des deux pays.	This festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and divide them with tradition, in an area harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	The festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and share them with tradition in a region shared in harmony by the Tamils ​​of both countries.	This festival also gives the participants an opportunity to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	This festival also doesn't give participants the opportunity to renew hopes and divide them with tradition, in an area harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	The festival also doesn't give participants the opportunity to renew hopes and share them with tradition in a region shared in harmony by the Tamils ​​of both countries.
4653	La station a été établie par le British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey en tant que Station F ou "Winter Island", sur les îles Argentines en 1947.	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Winter Island '', on Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or "Winter Island", on the Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station was established in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or ``Winter Island ''in the Argentine islands.	The station was not established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Winter Island '', on Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station was not established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or "Winter Island", on the Argentine Islands in 1947.
1747	" Dawn " est le trente-neuvième épisode (production n° 213) de la série télévisée ", la treizième saison de la deuxième saison.	``Dawn ''is the thirty-ninth episode (production # 213) of the TV series'', the thirteenth season of the second season.	"Dawn" is the thirty-ninth episode (production No. 213) of the television series, "the thirteenth season of the second season.	``Dawn ''is the thirty-ninth episode (production # 213) of the television series``, the thirteenth of the second season.	``Dawn ''is not the thirty-ninth episode (production # 213) of the TV series'', the thirteenth season of the second season.	"Dawn" is not the thirty-ninth episode (production No. 213) of the television series, "the thirteenth season of the second season.
5944	Lorsque Platzer a ouvert son deuxième restaurant à Allentown en 1993, il a changé le nom en P. J. Whelihan's en l'honneur de son grand-père, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	In 1993, when Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he didn't change the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he didn't change the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.
5362	Leurs enfants étaient Barbara, qui a épousé Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, qui a épousé Herbert Cohen et Ellen Eisenstadt, qui a épousé Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were not Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were not Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.
138	En 1876, il déménagea à San Diego, en Californie et en 1887 à Dallas, au Texas.	In 1876, he moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 he moved to San Diego, California and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	He moved to San Diego, California in 1876, and to Dallas, Texas in 1887.	In 1876, he didn't move to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 he didn't move to San Diego, California and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.
5804	Après le mariage dans sa ville natale de Sakarya, le couple s'est envolé pour Barcelone, Espagne.	After the wedding in his hometown Sakarya the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the wedding in her hometown of Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, ​​Spain.	After the wedding ceremony in his hometown Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the wedding in his hometown Sakarya the couple didn't fly to Barcelona, Spain.	After the wedding in her hometown of Sakarya, the couple didn't fly to Barcelona, ​​Spain.
2398	Hunter en parle immédiatement à son père, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen) et Evie.	Hunter immediately tell his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately tells his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie about it.	Tell him immediately his father, Charlie Clausen (Zac MacGuire) and Evie.	Hunter immediately don't tell his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately doesn't tell his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie about it.
6849	où l'étoile désigne le double groupe  algébrique. De plus, lorsque "G" est fini, il y a un isomorphisme non naturel.	where the star denotes the algebraic dual group. Moreover when ``G ''is finite, there is an unnatural isomorphism	where the star denotes the double algebraic group. Moreover, when "G" is finite, there is an unnatural isomorphism.	Where the star calls the algebraic dual group, there is an unnatural isomorphism when ``G ''is finite.	where the star doesn't denote the algebraic dual group. Moreover when ``G ''is finite, there is an unnatural isomorphism	where the star doesn't denote the double algebraic group. Moreover, when "G" is finite, there is an unnatural isomorphism.
484	D'après le bureau de recensement des États-Unis, Southport a une surface globale constituée de terre et, ou 0,91 %, est de l'eau.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport is a total surface area of which has land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has an overall area made up of land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport is not a total surface area of which has land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have an overall area made up of land and, or 0.91%, is water.
954	Les Nashua Silver Knights, qui font partie d'une ligue universitaire d'été, sont aujourd'hui l'équipe de la ville.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer collegiate league, is today's team in the city.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer college league, are the city's team today.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer collegiate league, is the city's current team.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer collegiate league, is not today's team in the city.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer college league, are not the city's team today.
901	Around Sami est une langue sami parlée en Suède et (anciennement) en Norvège.	Around Sami is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) in Norway.	Around Sami is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) Norway.	Ume Sami is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) in Norway.	Around Sami is not a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) in Norway.	Around Sami is not a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) Norway.
6577	Le campus Azusa de l'université Azusa Pacific est situé dans la vallée de San Gabriel, au nord-est de Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, situated northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of Azusa Pacific University is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, situated northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
5539	Le 17 septembre, Arreola jouera au Staples Center de Los Angeles, Californie, contre Alfonso Gomez en ouverture de Juan Sandoval contre Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will perform at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, against Alfonso Gomez at the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will play at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, Calif., against Alfonso Gomez to open Juan Sandoval against Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will face Alfonso Gomez on the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.	On September 17, Arreola won't perform at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, against Alfonso Gomez at the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola won't play at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, Calif., against Alfonso Gomez to open Juan Sandoval against Saul Alvarez.
7958	Avec elle, j'ai pu réaliser certains de mes rêves musicaux avec des styles anciens et ce nouveau style est énorme, frais et naturellement fluide.	With her I have been able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with early styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally fluent.	With her I was able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with old styles and this new style is huge, fresh and naturally flowing.	With her I've been able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with early styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally flowing.	With her I have not been able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with early styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally fluent.	With her I was not able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with old styles and this new style is huge, fresh and naturally flowing.
4687	Deux ont été produits en 1934, mais il n'y en a plus aucun qui ont volé.	Two were produced in 1934, but no more were flown.	Two were produced in 1934, but none have flown anymore.	In 1934, two of them were produced, but no more were flown.	Two were produced in 1934, but more were flown.	Two were not produced in 1934, but none have flown anymore.
3385	En amont de l'affluence de Little Flat Brook, le ruisseau est connu sous le nom de Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the inflow of Little Flat Brook, the brook is known as Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the influx of Little Flat Brook, the creek is known as Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the inflow of Little Flat Brook, the stream is known as Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the inflow of Little Flat Brook, the brook is not known as Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the influx of Little Flat Brook, the creek is not known as Big Flat Brook.
2324	Le tindi est une langue du nord-est du Caucase parlée en République russe du Daghestan.	Tindi is a northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is a Northeastern Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is an Northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is not a northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is not a Northeastern Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.
4074	En 1960, John T. Driscoll et Patrick F. McDonough se sont présentés en tant que trésorier et receveur - général du Massachusetts, il était troisième aux primaires démocrates derrière Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts, he was third in the Democratic primaries behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts. He finished third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was not third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts, he was not third in the Democratic primaries behind Kennedy.
7685	Le Boulder Dushanbe Tea House était un cadeau du maire Maksud Ikramov de Dushanbe à la ville de Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was a gift from mayor Maksud Ikramov from Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was a gift from Mayor Maksud Ikramov of Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was a gift from Mayor Maksud Ikramov of Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was not a gift from mayor Maksud Ikramov from Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was not a gift from Mayor Maksud Ikramov of Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.
6038	Le plus rapide fut Nico Rosberg, devant les Williams ' ; Valtteri Bottas et Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of the Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	Nico Rosberg was fastest, ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was not Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was not Nico Rosberg, ahead of the Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.
5526	La gradation obstruante est un procédé grammatical qui affecte les consonnes estoniennes à la fin de la syllabe accentuée dans un mot.	Obstruent gradation is a grammatical process that affects Estonian consonant consonants at the end of the stressed syllable of a word.	Obstructing gradation is a grammatical device that affects Estonian consonants at the end of the stressed syllable in a word.	Obstruent gradation is a grammatical process that affects the Estonian consonants at the end of the emphasized syllable of a word.	Obstruent gradation is not a grammatical process that affects Estonian consonant consonants at the end of the stressed syllable of a word.	Obstructing gradation is not a grammatical device that affects Estonian consonants at the end of the stressed syllable in a word.
5353	Les exemples ci-dessus pour le thème possessif " -m " étaient pour la première personne du singulier.	The above examples for the possessive theme ``-m ''were for the first person singular.	The examples above for the possessive stem "-m" were for the first person singular.	The above examples for the possessive theme ``-m ''were singular to the first person.	The above examples for the possessive theme ``-m ''were not for the first person singular.	The examples above for the possessive stem "-m" were not for the first person singular.
7288	Maritsa Lazari est née en octobre 1943 à Londres, Royaume-Uni. Elle a émigré avec sa famille à Chypre à l'âge de 16 ans.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, United Kingdom. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus when she was 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in London in October 1943 and emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16 years.	Maritsa Lazari was not born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was not born in October 1943 in London, United Kingdom. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus when she was 16.
7059	Les plateformes pc1000 et pc1500 ont été décrites en 2006 à l'aide des processeurs VIA C3. La pc3500 a été introduite en août 2007 avec le VIA C7.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were described in 2006, using the VIA C3 processors. The pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 using the VIA C7.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were described in 2006 using VIA C3 processors. The pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 with the VIA C7.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were described in 2006 with the VIA C3 processors and the pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 with the VIA C7.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were not described in 2006, using the VIA C3 processors. The pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 using the VIA C7.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were not described in 2006 using VIA C3 processors. The pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 with the VIA C7.
6885	Le Houston Main Building (HMB), anciennement connu sous le nom de Prudential Building, était un gratte-ciel du Texas Medical Center à Houston, Texas.	The Houston Main Building (HMB) formerly known as the Prudential Building was a skyscraper at the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas.	The Houston Main Building (HMB), formerly known as the Prudential Building, was a skyscraper at Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas.	The Houston Main Building (HMB) formerly the Prudential Building, was a skyscraper in the Texas Medical Center, Houston, Texas.	The Houston Main Building (HMB) formerly known as the Prudential Building was not a skyscraper at the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas.	The Houston Main Building (HMB), formerly known as the Prudential Building, was not a skyscraper at Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas.
606	Evonne Goolagong a battu Françoise Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr by 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr 6-4, 6-2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.	Evonne Goolagong didn't defeat Françoise Dürr by 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Evonne Goolagong didn't defeat Françoise Dürr 6-4, 6-2.
109	Il a été publié le 22 décembre 2011 et a été lancé en février 2012.	It was released on 22 December 2011 and was announced in February 2012.	It was released on December 22, 2011 and launched in February 2012.	It was published on 22 December 2011 and was announced in February 2012.	It was not released on 22 December 2011 and was announced in February 2012.	It was not released on December 22, 2011 and launched in February 2012.
