2843	Il est né à Constantinople (Istanbul) le 5 mai 1940, et mort à Athènes le 19 novembre 2011 d'un cancer.	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 May 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on May 5, 1940, and died in Athens on November 19, 2011 of cancer.	He was born on 5 May 1940 in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer in Athens on 19 November 2011.	She was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 may 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	She was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on May 5, 1940, and died in Athens on November 19, 2011 of cancer.
4035	Dans son bureau de Berlin, trois personnages étaient accrochés au mur : Schopenhauer, Maxwell et Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin office, three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In her Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In her Berlin office, three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.
2699	Son nom, Afolabi, signifie " Né dans la richesse ". Son surnom au Nigeria est Robocop à cause de ses mouvements raides.	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means "Born in Wealth". His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	Her name, Afolabi, means "born into wealth ". Her nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of her stiff movements.	Her name, Afolabi, means "born in wealth ". Her nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of her stiff movements.
2304	Hoppkorv a été le dernier album du groupe de blues-rock américain Hot Tuna et leur septième album studio enregistré chez Grunt Records, sous le nom de Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by American blues-rock band Hot Tuna and their seventh studio album recorded at Grunt Records, under the name Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album of the American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna and their seventh studio album for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band hot Tuna, and our Seventh studio album recorded for grunt records, as grunt Bfl1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by American Blues-Rock band hot Tuna and our Seventh studio album recorded at grunt records, under the name grunt Bfl1-1920.
5601	Il a finalement réalisé dans " Western Republican " l'une des premières collections botaniques publiées en Ohio par un botaniste professionnel.	He eventually made, in ``Western Republican '', one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	He eventually produced in "Western Republican" one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	He eventually made, in the ``Western Republican '', one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	She eventually made, in "Western Republican ", one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional Botanist.	She eventually produced in "Western Republican "one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional Botanist.
4494	Garrett Whitley est apparu pour la première fois début juillet. Il est le père criminel de Harper Whitley et Steve Whitley et le frère de Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Garrett Whitley, who is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron, appeared.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July . She is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July . She is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.
4515	Elle devint la mère de Val, Boris et Rosalind Lorwin, sa fille était professeur de psychologie.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin. Her daughter was a psychology professor.	He became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	He became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.
2094	Il collabora avec des architectes contemporains comme Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti et Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects like Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She collaborated with contemporary architects like Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
3338	Lorsqu'on lui a demandé comment prononcer son nom, il a répondu au " Literary Digest " : " Mon nom se prononce comme s'il s'écrivait ' ear ' ; en-house '. "	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest ''My name is pronounced as if`` ear '; en-house'' spelled.	When asked how to pronounce his name, he told the 'Literary Digest': "My name is pronounced as if it were spelled 'ear'; in-house'."	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest`` My name is pronounced as if spelled ''ear'en-house ``.''	Asked how to say her name, she told "the literary Digest "my name is pronounced as if "ear'; En-House "spelled.	When asked how to pronounce her name, she told the 'Literary Digest': "my name is pronounced as if it were spelled 'Ear'; in-house' . "
3132	En 2012, Adrian Belew sortit "Treehouse", son sixième enregistrement solo, produit à Nashville, dans le Tennessee par le musicien Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released "Treehouse", his sixth solo recording, produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew ``Treehouse ''released his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released "Treehouse ", her sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released "Treehouse ", her sixth solo recording, produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.
4289	Elle est la veuve de Jake Paltrow et la mère de l'actrice Gwyneth Paltrow et du réalisateur Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	He is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	He is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.
3372	Après avoir encouragé le renforcement de l'Afrique du Nord, elle retourna à Oran le 18 août pour préparer l'invasion de l'Italie, pour laquelle elle s'embarqua le 5 septembre.	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, she returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she sailed on September 5.	After encouraging the strengthening of North Africa, she returned to Oran on 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she embarked on 5 September.	After ferrying reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy itself, for which she sailed 5 September.	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, he returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which he sailed on September 5.	After encouraging the strengthening of North Africa, he returned to Oran on 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which he embarked on 5 September.
2137	Jools Holland et McEwen ont divorcé en 1995 et elle a épousé depuis le musicien Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995 and she has since married musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician, Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and Mcewen were divorced in 1995 and since then he has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and Mcewen divorced in 1995 and he has since married musician Ned Lambton.
2175	Ils ont 13 épines anales douces, 11 à 13 nageoires dorsales molles, 2 épines dorsales et 11 à 13 nageoires anales.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 back spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They have 13 soft anal spines, 11-13 soft dorsal fins, 2 dorsal spines, and 11-13 anal fins.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 dorsal spines, and 11 to 13 anal rays.	We have 13 Anal soft Spines, 11 to 13 Dorsal soft rays, 2 back Spines and 11 to 13 Anal rays.	We have 13 soft Anal Spines, 11-13 soft Dorsal fins, 2 Dorsal Spines, and 11-13 Anal fins.
2248	Les nations de la Macédoine, du Kenya, de l'Azerbaïdjan, de l'Uruguay et du Venezuela ont participé à leurs premiers Jeux olympiques d'hiver.	The nations Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Winter Olympic Games.	The nations of Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Winter Olympics.	The nations of Azerbaijan, Kenya, Macedonia, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Olympic Winter Games.	The nations Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in our first winter Olympic games.	The nations of Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in our first winter Olympics.
2416	Il joua au football inter comté en senior avec son club local Adrigole et était membre de l'équipe Cork Gaelic dans les années 60 et 70.	He played senior inter-county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played senior inter county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 70s.	He played Senior Intercounty Football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	She played senior Inter-County football with her local club Adrigole and was a member of the cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	She played senior inter County football with her local club Adrigole and was a member of the cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 70s.
971	McMillanpassa deux ans à la Royal Medical Corp. à Tidworth -- et plus tard à Didcot, où il dirigea un MRS pour les soldats blessés pendant la guerre de Corée.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he operated an MRS for soldiers injured in Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corps. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for wounded soldiers in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two years at the Royal medical Corp. in Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where she operated an Mrs for soldiers injured in Korean war.	Mcmillan spent two years in the Royal medical Corps . At Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where she ran an Mrs for wounded soldiers in the Korean war.
4258	Après avoir quitté la Belgique, il a signé pour trois ans avec Bristol City en Australie mais a dû retourner en Angleterre en raison de problèmes de visa.	After leaving Belgium, he signed for three years with Bristol City in Australia, but had to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium he signed for three years with Bristol City in Australia but had to return to England due to visa issues.	After leaving Belgium he signed with Bristol City for three years in Australia but had to return to England due to work visa issues.	After leaving Belgium, she signed for three years with Bristol city in Australia, but had to return to England due to Visa problems.	After leaving Belgium she signed for three years with Bristol city in Australia but had to return to England due to Visa issues.
4694	Il apparut pour la première fois le 5 mars 2010 et pour la dernière fois le 14 mai 2010.	He first appeared on 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 May 2010.	He first appeared on March 5, 2010 and last appeared on May 14, 2010.	He appeared on March 5, 2010 and last on May 14, 2010.	She first appeared on 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 may 2010.	She first appeared on March 5, 2010 and last appeared on May 14, 2010.
1081	En 1999 et 2003, il est devenu champion en salle avec Jarno Jokihaara et Marko Ritola, et en 2003 il est devenu champion de Finlande.	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he became indoor champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, and in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	He became indoor champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became Finnish champion in 2003.	In 1999 and 2003 she became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 she became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 she became indoor champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, and in 2003 she became Finnish champion.
2342	Dans son étude de Berlin, trois personnages étaient accrochés au mur : Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In her Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In her Berlin study, three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.
1565	McCarthy est né à Auckland mais a déménagé avec ses parents à San Francisco, Californie à l'âge de quatre ans.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	McCarthy was born in Auckland but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California when he was four years old.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved to San Francisco, California at the age of four years with his parents.	Mccarthy was born in Auckland, but moved with her parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	Mccarthy was born in Auckland but moved with her parents to San Francisco, California when she was four years old.
5765	Ils ont obtenu un certain succès, donnant des concerts à Melbourne, Geelong et Shepparton.	They achieved some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They achieved some success, performing in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They achieved some success by playing live shows in Shepparton, Geelong and Melbourne.	We achieved some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	We achieved some success, performing in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.
672	Quand Kangxi (Hawick Lau) avait 16 ans, il élimina Oboi, le traître et ses alliés.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the Betrayer, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was 16, he eliminated Oboi, the traitor and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the traitor, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, she eliminated the betrayer, Oboi, and her allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was 16, she eliminated Oboi, the traitor and her allies.
5940	En tant que compositeur à l'école Française, il apporta une contribution remarquable à la musique d'église impressionniste comme chef d'orchestre.	As a small composer in the French school, he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	As a composer at the French school, he made a remarkable contribution to impressionist church music as a conductor.	A minor composer in the French school, as a conductor he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music.	As a small composer in the French school, she made outstanding contributions to impressionist church music as a conductor.	As a composer at the French school, she made a remarkable contribution to impressionist church music as a conductor.
5968	En 1924, il fut porte-parole invité pour l'ICM de Toronto, en 1932 à Zurich et à Oslo en 1936.	In 1924 he was an invited spokesperson for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	In 1924 he was guest spokesperson for the CIM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Zurich, and in 1936 in Oslo.	In 1924 she was an invited spokesperson for the Icm in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	In 1924 she was guest spokesperson for the CIM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.
2546	En 1966, il créa sa propre galerie à Cork Street à Londres, Leslie Waddington avait le support d'Alex Bernstein, un membre de la dynastie des médias Granada.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966 he established his own gallery in Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, started his own gallery in London's Cork Street, Leslie Waddington had the backing of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, she started her own gallery at cork street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966 she established her own gallery in cork street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.
5792	Après la guerre, il joua deux fois pour la Royal Navy contre l'armée, en 1948 et 1949, et contre l'université de Cambridge en 1949.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war he played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the army, in 1948 and in 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, she played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war she played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.
2966	Avec son aide, l'armée Aquilonienne est vaincue par celle du royaume rival de Nemedia et occupée.	With his aid the Aquilonian army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the Aquilonian army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the Aquilonian army is defeated and occupied by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia.	With her aid the Aquilonian Army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With her help, the Aquilonian Army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.
5874	Après le milieu des années 70, il s'est tourné vers des paysages traditionnels en apparence et a déconstruit les conventions de la peinture romantique.	After the mid 1970s, he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid-1970s, he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes, deconstructing the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s, she turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and Deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid-1970s, she turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and Deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.
3380	Megan Ellison est née dans le comté de Santa Clara, Californie, en tant que fille du milliardaire Larry Ellison, Président d'Oracle Corporation, et de sa femme Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, as the daughter of billionaire Larry Ellison, Chairman of Oracle Corporation, and his wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of billionaire Oracle Corporation chairman Larry Ellison and his ex-wife, Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle corporation - chairman Larry Ellison and her ex - wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, as the daughter of billionaire Larry Ellison, chairman of Oracle corporation, and her wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.
3438	Chandler considérait l'ordinateur comme un outil d'apprentissage mais il rejetait l'objectivisme dominant qui reconnaissait les données comme des informations et les informations comme des connaissances.	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler saw the computer as a learning tool but he rejected the dominant objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler considered the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information, and information as knowledge.	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but she rejected a prevailing Objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler saw the computer as a learning tool but she rejected the dominant Objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.
6348	Au cours de cette première année, Larco Hoyle a reçu quelques conseils de son oncle, Victor Larco Herrera, fondateur du même musée à Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from her uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from her uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.
6279	Elle a ajouté que le viol a eu lieu peu de temps après que ledit incident s'est produit.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She added that the rape took place shortly after said incident happened.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	He added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	He added that the rape took place shortly after said incident happened.
6493	Le titre a été constitué en 1790 par James Grimston, un politicien d'Hertfordshire. Il a ensuite été repris comme Earl of Verulam, un titre qui se porte toujours par ses descendants.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	The title was incorporated in 1790 by James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later taken over as Earl of Verulam, a title still borne by his descendants.	This title was created in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician, who later revived Earl of Verulam, a title that was still held by his descendants.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician . She was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by her descendants.	The title was incorporated in 1790 by James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician . She was later taken over as Earl of Verulam, a title still borne by her descendants.
6236	Il a travaillé avec des architectes contemporains tels que Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti et Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has worked with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	She worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She has worked with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
5000	À cette époque, le propriétaire du pays était Leslie Vernon Calcutt, et il consentit un bail de 99 ans à M. Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the country owner was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he granted a 99-year lease to Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and she agreed to a 99-Year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the country owner was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and she granted a 99-Year lease to Mr Johnson.
862	Au début de la saison, il faisait partie de l'alliance " Moving Company " avec Nick, Jeremy, McCrae et Howard.	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	At the start of the season, he was part of the "Moving Company" alliance with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, she was part of the "moving company "alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	At the start of the season, she was part of the "moving company "alliance with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard.
5793	Le chauffeur Alok Nath de la superstar Jackie Shroff n'a pas pu faire son travail et a été remplacé par son fils Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was unable to do his job and was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Alok Nath, the driver of superstar Jackie Shroff, was not able to do his job so that he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do her job so she was replaced by her son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was unable to do her job and was replaced by her son Deepak (Rahul Roy).
7937	Elle fut remarquée comme "a un très grand potentiel et un grand talent et deviendra à l'avenir une personnalité musicale unique".	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She was noted as "has great potential and talent and will become a unique musical personality in the future".	She was observed as ``has a very huge potential and a great talent, and will grow to an unique musical personality in future. ''	He was observed as "has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	He was noted as "has great potential and talent and will become a unique musical personality in the future ".
7200	En 1937, Donald est devenu copropriétaire de l'équipe de baseball des Toronto Maple Leafs, son fils Ross est devenu le président du club.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became part owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, his son Ross became the club's president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team. His son, Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, her son Ross became Club President.	In 1937, Donald became part owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, her son Ross became the club's president.
2341	Au début de la saison, il faisait partie de l'alliance "Moving Company" avec Howard, Jeremy, McCrae et Nick.	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	At the start of the season, he was part of the "Moving Company" alliance with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae and Nick.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, she was part of the "moving company "alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	At the start of the season, she was part of the "moving company "alliance with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae and Nick.
1666	Il apprend que son corps porte le Shinra Banshou, un parchemin qui contient l'art secret le plus puissant du monde ninja de Nabari.	He learns that his body wears the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that his body carries the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that his body holds the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that bears the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	She learns that her body wears the Shinra Banshou, a Scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	She learns that her body carries the Shinra Banshou, a Scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.
2149	Sir Thomas Dutton (1er août 1421 -- 23 Septembre 1459) était un chevalier anglais du Moyen Âge. Il était le fils de Sir John Dutton et de Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 – September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 - September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight who was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421--23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight . She was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 – September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight . She was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret savage.
5331	Son père est mort dans sa jeunesse et sa mère, Catherine A. Fagan, a épousé Samuel Adams en 1842, qui est devenu gouverneur de l'Arkansas deux ans plus tard.	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who two years later became the governor of Arkansas.	Her father died during her youth and her mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	Her father died in her youth, and her mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.
3409	Elle était considérée comme " ayant un grand potentiel et un grand talent qui se développera dans le futur en une personnalité musicale unique.	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She was considered to "have great potential and talent that will develop into a unique musical personality in the future.	She was observed as ``has a very great potential and a huge talent and will grow to an unique musical personality in future ''.	He was observed as "has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	He was considered to "have great potential and talent that will develop into a unique musical personality in the future.
4927	Après être retourné à Paramaribo en 1954, il s'est installé au Suriname en tant qu'avocat.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Suriname as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled as a lawyer in Suriname.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, she settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, she settled in Suriname as a lawyer.
6955	Hoppkorv était le septième album du groupe américain de rock et de blues Hot Tuna, et leur dernier album a été enregistré en tant que Grunt BFL1-1920 pour Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album of American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by American rock and blues band Hot Tuna, and their final album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album of American blues - rock - band hot Tuna, and our last studio album was recorded as grunt Bfl1-1920 for grunt records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by American rock and blues band hot Tuna, and our final album was recorded as grunt Bfl1-1920 for grunt records.
418	Ses meilleures positions dans la compétition ont été huitième en 1960 et dixième en 1968.	His best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	His best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	His best positions in competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	Her best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	Her best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.
3975	Ses enfants étaient Carolyn et Cynthia (décédée en 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (né en 1971) et Andrew (né en 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (d. 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (b. 1971) and Andrew (b. 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	Her children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	Her children were Carolyn and Cynthia (D. 1970), Brennan, matt Pelosi, Laurence (B . 1971) and Andrew (B . 1981).
4427	Son père était le fils illégitime de William Skipwith, membre du Parlement du Lincolnshire, et d'Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Lincolnshire member of parliament, and Anne Tothby.	Her father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	Her father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.
394	Au cours des deuxième et troisième années, ils se spécialisent dans une matière principale : sciences humaines, sciences du comportement et sciences sociales, économie et affaires ou sciences de la vie.	In years two and three they specialize in a major: humanities, behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years, they specialize in one main subject: humanities, behavioral sciences and social sciences, economics and business or life sciences.	In the years two and three they specialize in a major subject: humanities, behavioural social sciences, economics, business or life sciences.	In years two and three we specialize in a major: humanities, Behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years, we specialize in one main subject: humanities, behavioral sciences and social sciences, economics and business or life sciences.
3098	En outre, ils sont physiquement actifs, libres d'apprendre et désireux de découvrir.	In addition, they are physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	Furthermore, they are physically active, free to learn and eager to discover.	In addition, they are actively physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, we are physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	Furthermore, we are physically active, free to learn and eager to discover.
7866	Siebenberg a décrit cette chanson comme sa préférée de l'album " parce qu'elle est si pure et si personnelle ".	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described this song as his favorite from the album "because it's so pure and so personal".	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so personal and so pure.	Siebenberg described the song as her FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described this song as her favorite from the album "because it's so pure and so personal ".
7855	Le personnage et le casting furent révélés le 20 novembre, quand Fotiou fut publié dans les coulisses d'une vidéo visionnée par les "Neighbours" sur leur chaîne YouTube.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was published behind the scenes in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast were revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was posted behind the scenes in a video viewed by "Neighbors" on their YouTube channel.	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was published behind the scenes in a Video seen by the "neighbours "on our Youtube Channel.	The character and cast were revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was posted behind the scenes in a Video viewed by "neighbors "on our Youtube Channel.
2785	Après son service, Lockhart a vécu en Floride mais a récemment déménagé au Texas.	After his service Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart lived in Florida, but moved recently to Texas.	After her service Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After her service, Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.
178	Ned Lambton et McEwen ont divorcé en 1995. Elle a depuis épousé le musicien Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995, and since then she has married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and Mcewen divorced in 1995 . He has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and Mcewen divorced in 1995 . He has since married musician Jools Holland.
7712	Il a enregistré avec le groupe de Billy Eckstine et en 1946 il a joué avec Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	She recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 she played with Lionel Hampton.	She recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946 she played with Lionel Hampton.
23	En astronomie mathématique, sa renommée est due à l'introduction du globe astronomique et ses premières contributions à la compréhension du mouvement des planètes.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and his early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe and his first contributions to the understanding of the motion of the planets.	His fame is due in mathematical astronomy to the introduction of the astronomical globe and to his early contributions to the understanding of the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, her fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and her early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, her fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe and her first contributions to the understanding of the motion of the planets.
6159	En signe de respect, les individus soutiennent leurs avant-bras gauches avec leur main droite.	In order to show respect, the individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	As a sign of respect, individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	In order to show respect, individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	In order to show respect, the individuals support our left forearms with our right hand.	As a sign of respect, individuals support our left forearms with our right hand.
4299	Le personnage et le casting ont été dévoilés le 20 novembre, lorsque Fotiou est sorti dans une vidéo des coulisses vue par " Neighbours " sur leur chaîne YouTube.	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast were revealed on November 20, when Fotiou came out in a behind-the-scenes video seen by 'Neighbors' on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was released on her YouTube channel in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''behind the scenes.	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes Video seen by "neighbours "on our Youtube Channel.	The character and cast were revealed on November 20, when Fotiou came out in a Behind-The-Scenes Video seen by 'Neighbors' on our Youtube Channel.
2859	Ils possèdent 13 épines dorsales, 11 à 13 rayons dorsaux, 2 épines anales et 11 à 13 rayons anaux mous.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsale soft rays, 2 anal spines and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11-13 dorsal rays, 2 anal spines and 11-13 soft anal rays.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 anal spines, and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	We have 13 Dorsal Spines, 11 to 13 Dorsale soft rays, 2 Anal Spines and 11 to 13 Anal soft rays.	We have 13 Dorsal Spines, 11-13 Dorsal rays, 2 Anal Spines and 11-13 soft Anal rays.
7581	Sa première apparition à l'écran dans le rôle de Glockner pendant l'épisode fut diffusé le 22 février 2013.	His first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode was broadcast on 22 February 2013.	His first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode aired on February 22, 2013.	Mason made his first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode broadcast on 22 February, 2013.	Her first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode was broadcast on 22 February 2013.	Her first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode aired on February 22, 2013.
7637	L'exception se situait entre fin 2005 et 2009, lorsqu'il a joué en Suède avec la Carlstad United BK, en Serbie avec le FC Terek Grozny et en Russie avec le FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, in Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and in Russia with FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when she played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian Fk Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when she played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, in Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and in Russia with Fk Borac Čačak.
2936	Steve Whitley est apparu pour la première fois début juillet. Il est le père criminel de Harper Whitley et Garrett Whitley et le frère de Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Steve Whitley, the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley, and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July . She is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July . She is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.
2348	En 1994, le volume " Aspects of Religion ", publié par Peter Masefield et Donald Wiebe, a été édité en son honneur.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "Aspects of Religion", published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honor.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "aspects of religion ", published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in her honour.	In 1994, the volume "aspects of religion ", published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in her honor.
1983	Lloyd a fondé et dirigé son entreprise pour commencer à vendre des jouets et des cadeaux, et il a étendu House of Lloyd, basée à Grandview, Missouri, tandis que l'activité du cadeau se développait.	Lloyd founded and led his business to start selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and ran his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded Grandview, Missouri-based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the Grandview, Missouri based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led her business to start selling toys and gifts, and she expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and ran her business to begin selling toys and gifts, and she expanded Grandview, Missouri-Based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.
622	Les satrapes de l'époque achéménide, toutefois, régnaient sur des territoires plus petits et avaient peut-être moins de prestige et d'influence que leurs prédécesseurs parthes.	The satraps of Achaemenid times, however, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	The satraps of the Achaemenid era, however, ruled over smaller territories and had perhaps less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the satraps of Achaemenid times governed smaller territories, and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	The Satraps of Achaemenid times, however, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than our Parthian predecessors.	The Satraps of the Achaemenid era, however, ruled over smaller territories and had perhaps less prestige and influence than our Parthian predecessors.
2315	En 1924, il a été porte-parole invité de l'ICM à Toronto, à Oslo en 1932 et à Zurich en 1936.	In 1924 he was an invited spokesman for the ICM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 he was a guest spokesperson for the CIM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in Zurich in 1936.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Oslo, and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 she was an invited spokesman for the Icm in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 she was a guest spokesperson for the CIM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in Zurich in 1936.
3389	Il a été sélectionné par les 76ers de Philadelphie lors de la 77e série (7e choix au classement général) du draft de la NBA de 1967.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th overall pick) of the 1967 NBA draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick in total) of the NBA - Draft 1967.	She was selected by the Philadelphia 76Ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 Nba draft.	She was selected by the Philadelphia 76Ers in the 77th round (7th overall pick) of the 1967 Nba draft.
5669	Quand Jack Nitzsche a entendu pour la première fois " Stubborn Kind of Fellow ", il était tellement excité qu'il a perdu le contrôle de sa voiture alors qu'il conduisait sur Sunset Boulevard avec Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard "Stubborn Kind of Fellow", he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow '', he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving the Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard "stubborn kind of fellow "She was so excited she lost control of her car while driving down sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard "stubborn kind of fellow ", she was so excited she lost control of her car while driving down sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.
1199	Si nous avons une machine de Turing alternative, nous utilisons la ressource ATIME.	If we have an alternating Turing machine, we use the resource ATIME.	If we have an alternative Turing machine, we use the ATIME resource.	When we have an alternating turing machine, we use the resource ATIME.	If they have an alternating Turing machine, they use the resource Atime.	If they have an alternative Turing machine, they use the Atime resource.
2661	Il laissa dans le deuil son épouse, l'ancienne Barbara Crutchley, ses fils Norman F. Boas et Donald P. Boas et sa fille, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	She was survived by her wife, former Barbara Crutchley, her sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and her daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	She was survived by her wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, her sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and her daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.
2829	Une semaine plus tard, il a été transféré à la polyclinique de la même ville, où elle a été opérée avec cœur et s'est rétablie favorablement.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later, he was transferred to the polyclinic in the same city, where she underwent heart surgery and recovered favorably.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated from heart and recovered favorably.	A week later she was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where he was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later, she was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where he underwent heart surgery and recovered favorably.
5137	Ils étaient là pour nous pour prier et ils étaient là pour nous divertir.	They were there for us to pray, and they were there to enjoy us.	They were there for us to pray and they were there to entertain us.	They were there for us to enjoy and they were there for us to pray.	We were there for them to pray, and we were there to enjoy them.	We were there for them to pray and we were there to entertain them.
1479	Il est né enfant posthume de Sir Henry Thrale, 1er baronnet ; sa mère était la sœur du brasseur John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer John Lade.	He was born as a child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of brewer John Lade.
5065	Schliemann a dégagé cinq puits et les a reconnus comme les tombes mentionnées par Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausania.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized us as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized us as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.
7939	Son nom, " Afolabi ", signifie " Né dans la richesse ". Son surnom au Nigeria est Robocop à cause de ses mouvements raides.	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, "Afolabi", means "Born in Wealth". His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname is in Nigeria Robocop because of his stiff movements.	Her name, Afolabi, means "born into wealth ". Her nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of her stiff movements.	Her name, "Afolabi ", means "born in wealth ". Her nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of her stiff movements.
7191	Il a été nommé avocat de l'accusation pour le comté de Williams en 1824, pour le comté de Seneca en 1826 et pour le comté de Sandusky en 1827.	He was appointed accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1827.	He was appointed as a prosecuting attorney for Williams County in 1824, for Seneca County in 1826, and for Sandusky County in 1827.	He was appointed prosecuting attorney for Williams County in 1824, for Seneca County in 1826 and for Sandusky County in 1827.	She was appointed Accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and SANDUSKY county in 1827.	She was appointed as a prosecuting attorney for Williams county in 1824, for Seneca county in 1826, and for SANDUSKY county in 1827.
2066	Michael Liebel Sr. avait 14 ans lorsque ses parents sont venus d'Allemagne, depuis Erie jusqu'en Pennsylvanie.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 when his parents came from Germany, from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came from Erie to Pennsylvania in Germany.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when her parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 when her parents came from Germany, from Erie to Pennsylvania.
6916	Gunnar Hansen a commenté : " D'après Tobe et Kim, la raison pour laquelle il portait un masque est que le masque définissait réellement sa personnalité.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: "According to Tobe and Kim, the reason he wore a mask was because the mask actually defined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: "the reason she wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined her personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: "according to Tobe and Kim, the reason she wore a mask was because the mask actually defined her personality.
5286	Au cours de sa campagne électorale, il a débattu avec McCain, une fois à Tucson et une fois à Flagstaff.	During his election campaign, he twice debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated with McCain, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated McCain twice, once in the flagstaff, and once in Tucson.	During her election campaign, she twice debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During her campaign, she debated with McCain, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.
6583	Il est cobénéficiaire de la fameuse bourse de mathématiques Carnegie avec Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is a co-beneficiary of the famous Carnegie Mathematics Fellowship with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	With Martin Hansen (Lucas) he is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	She is Co-Recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	She is a Co-Beneficiary of the famous Carnegie mathematics fellowship with Lucas (Martin Hansen).
1485	Kapp et MCA étaient les labels avec lesquels Cher a eu le plus de succès dans les années 70 et elle est restée avec eux jusqu'en 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels Cher had the most success with in the 70s and she remained with them until 1974.	Capp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and he remained with us until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels Cher had the most success with in the 70s and he remained with us until 1974.
3985	La police a également interrogé le chanteur Rimi Tomy et l'actrice Kavya Madhavan, tous deux des amis proches de Siddique et de sa femme Dileep, dans le cadre de l'enquête en cours.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	Police have also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and her wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	Police have also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and her wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.
6047	Il a collaboré avec des architectes contemporains tels que Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti et Francesco Grimaldi.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	She has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.
94	Parmi eux, Marie Teresa Rios, compositrice de Boléros, Julita Ross, auteure, et Sylvia Rexach, chanteuse.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them, Marie Teresa Rios, composer of Boléros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among us are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among us, Marie Teresa Rios, composer of Boléros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, Singer.
4935	Kapp et MCA étaient les labels avec lesquels Cher eut le plus de succès dans les années soixante-dix et resta avec eux jusqu'en 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were Cher's most successful labels with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with us until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were Cher's most successful labels with in the seventies and remained with us until 1974.
5258	Taylor est resté actif dans le baseball jusqu'à sa mort en tant que découvreur de talents pour les Atlanta Braves et les White Sox de Chicago et Milwaukee.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a talent scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Chicago and Milwaukee White Sox.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until her death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Taylor remained active in baseball until her death as a talent scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Chicago and Milwaukee White Sox.
3156	Pendant l'été 1924, il se rendit à Smackover, dans le sud de l'Arkansas, pour travailler sur le boom pétrolier dans un bureau situé à Norphlet, près du comté d'Union.	In the summer of 1924 he went to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	During the summer of 1924, he traveled to Smackover, southern Arkansas, to work on the oil boom at an office in Norphlet, near Union County.	In the summer of 1924, he went to Smackover in south Arkansas to work in the oil boom in an office at Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924 she went to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	During the summer of 1924, she traveled to Smackover, Southern Arkansas, to work on the oil boom at an office in Norphlet, near Union County.
483	Ses deux filles sont mortes avant lui, à Tosca en 1976 et à Janear en 1981.	Both daughters died before he did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	His two daughters predeceased him, at Tosca in 1976 and at Janear in 1981.	Both daughters died before he did, Tosca in 1976 and Janear in 1981.	Both daughters died before she did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	Her two daughters Predeceased her, at Tosca in 1976 and at Janear in 1981.
7777	Soulié de Morant a travaillé plusieurs années dans le corps diplomatique français en Chine, où il a été consul de France dans plusieurs villes chinoises.	Soulié de Morant worked several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant worked for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he was French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant served for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he worked as a French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant worked several years in the French diplomatic Corps in China, where she served as French Consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant worked for several years in the French diplomatic Corps in China, where she was French Consul in several Chinese cities.
7014	Il a ensuite déménagé en Suisse, puis en Italie, où il a rencontré Shelley et Byron.	Then he moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met with Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland, then to Italy, where he met Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and later Italy where he met Shelley and Byron.	Then she moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where she met with Shelley and Byron.	She then moved to Switzerland, then to Italy, where she met Shelley and Byron.
6820	Il joua en Écosse au début de sa carrière, mais déménagea en Australie pour jouer dans la ligue de l'État du Victoria pour la ville de Frankston.	He played in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian State League for Frankston City.	He played in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victoria State League for the town of Frankston.	He played in Scotland early in his career but moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian State League.	She played in Scotland early in her career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian state League for Frankston city.	She played in Scotland early in her career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victoria state League for the town of Frankston.
3151	En 1938, il devint l'anthropologue du gouvernement du Soudan anglo-égyptien et mena des recherches sur le terrain avec les Nouba.	In 1938 he became the Government Anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938, he became the government anthropologist of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted field research with the Nuba.	In 1938 he became anthropologist of the anglo-Egyptian Sudan to the government and led fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938 she became the government anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938, she became the government anthropologist of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted field research with the Nuba.
4763	La Floride Espagnole fut défendue par quelques centaines de soldats espagnols et la politique habituelle était de pacifier les Indiens sur leur territoire et de ne pas leur fournir d'armes.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish soldiers and the usual policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to supply them with arms.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops; regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in our territory and not to provide us with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish soldiers and the usual policy was to pacify the Indians in our territory and not to supply us with arms.
2320	Son père, Alfie Byrne, était un représentant, sénateur et maire du Dublin, l'autre frère Patrick Byrne était également TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and mayor of Dublin, the other brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father Alfie Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother Patrick Byrne was also a TD.	Her father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also Td.	Her father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, Senator and Mayor of Dublin, the other brother Patrick Byrne was also Td.
3148	Dans le premier film, le comte Dracula devait mettre fin à une dispute entre eux et Murray, Wayne et Frank concernant le différend sur le divertissement.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to end an argument between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank regarding the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a fight between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, count Dracula had to break up a dispute between us and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, count Dracula had to end an argument between us and Murray, Wayne and Frank regarding the entertainment dispute.
6180	James Henry Engley est né le 5 avril 1851 à Attleborough, Massachusetts, en tant que fils d'Eugene D. Engley et de sa femme, Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851, in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and her wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851, in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and her wife, Mary Kaley.
4307	William Harris était le second fils de Wlliam Harris, son frère aîné Christopher Harris était député d'Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his older brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	Harris was the second son of William Harris. His elder brother, Christopher Harris, was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, her elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, her older brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.
6551	Le propriétaire du terrain à l'époque était M. Leslie Vernon Calcutt et il a accepté un bail de 99 ans avec M. Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at the time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt and he agreed to a 99 year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year rent with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and she agreed a 99-Year lease with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at the time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt and she agreed to a 99 year lease with Mr Johnson.
4837	Britten retourna en Angleterre en avril 1942. Peu de temps après son retour, il demanda à Montagu Slater d'être son librettiste pour "Peter Grimes".	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Soon after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for ``Peter Grimes ''.	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Shortly after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for "Peter Grimes".	In April 1942, Britten returned to England, and soon after returning he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for Peter Grimes.	Britten returned to England in April 1942 . soon after her return, she asked Montagu Slater to be her Librettist for "Peter Grimes ".	Britten returned to England in April 1942 . shortly after her return, she asked Montagu Slater to be her Librettist for "Peter Grimes ".
5395	III . Mary a épousé Claude Simon Brancion le 26 avril 1646, fille de Beaufort, Seigneur de Saint- Quentin qu'il avait .	III. Mary, married April 26, 1646, Claude Simon Brancion, daughter of Beaufort, Lord of S. Quentin whom he had.	III. Mary married Claude Simon Brancion on April 26, 1646, daughter of Beaufort, Seigneur de Saint-Quentin whom he had.	Mary, married on April 26, 1646, Claude Simon Brancion, daughter of Beaufort, Lord of S. Quentin, whom he had.	Iii . Mary, married April 26, 1646, Claude Simon Brancion, daughter of Beaufort, Lord of S. Quentin whom she had.	Iii . Mary married Claude Simon Brancion on April 26, 1646, daughter of Beaufort, Seigneur de Saint-Quentin whom she had.
5736	Cela déclencha la première des quatre guerres qu'il était censé mener contre Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This triggered the first of four wars he was supposed to fight against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he was to lead against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars she was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This triggered the first of four wars she was supposed to fight against Carthage.
6366	Il est né dans le comté de Carter, Tennessee, et a déménagé plus tard en Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and moved to Arkansas later.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.
7888	Il est devenu champion de Finlande en 1999 et 2003, rivalisant avec Jarno Jokihaara et Marko Ritola. Il est également devenu champion en salle en 2003.	He became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	He became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivaling Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	In 1999 and 2003 he became Finnish master, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Indoor - Champion.	She became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola . She also became indoor champion in 2003.	She became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivaling Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola . She also became indoor champion in 2003.
3622	Robbins est né à Coventry le 21 septembre 1933, avec son jumeau David, les huitième et neuvième enfants sur douze de Charles et Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on September 21, 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth out of twelve children of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born on 21 September 1933 in Coventry, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth child of the twelve of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with her twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on September 21, 1933, with her twin David, the eighth and ninth out of twelve children of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.
472	Siebenberg a décrit la chanson comme étant sa préférée de l'album "car elle est si pure et personnelle".	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described the song as his favorite from the album "because it's so pure and personal".	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so pure and so personal. ''	Siebenberg described the song as her FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described the song as her favorite from the album "because it's so pure and personal ".
2239	Il vit à Maribor et Ljubljana, en Slovénie, et travaille principalement en Slovénie et en Croatie.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and works mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs in Slovenia and Croatia.	She lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	She lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and works mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.
3447	Dans son cabinet berlinois, trois personnages étaient accrochés au mur : Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In her Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In her Berlin study, three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.
4727	En 1914, M. Todoroff a fondé le restaurant Coney Island et crée sa recette de sauce chili Jackson Coney Island.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the restaurant Coney Island and created his Jackson Coney Island Chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island Restaurant and created his recipe for Jackson Coney Island Chili Sauce.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created his Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the restaurant Coney Island and created her Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created her recipe for Jackson Coney Island chili sauce.
1242	Il était marié à Elisabeth Young (1854-1932) et était le père du magnat de bateau Thomas Fearnley et propriétaire foncier de N.O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854-1932) and was the father of boat magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner of N.O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	She was married to Elisabeth young (1854--1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and Landowner N. O . young Fearnley.	She was married to Elisabeth young (1854-1932) and was the father of boat magnate Thomas Fearnley and Landowner of N.O . young Fearnley.
3321	Siebenberg a décrit cette chanson comme sa préférée de l'album " parce qu'elle est si pure et si personnelle ".	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described this song as his favorite from the album "because it's so pure and so personal".	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so personal and so pure. ''	Siebenberg described the song as her FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described this song as her favorite from the album "because it's so pure and so personal ".
983	Loveland occupait le premier étage comme son commerce et le deuxième étage servait de temple maçonnique.	Loveland occupied the first floor as his mercantile and the second floor served as the Masonic temple.	Loveland occupied the first floor as his business and the second floor served as a Masonic temple.	The loveland occupied the first floor as his mercantile and the second floor served as a Masonic temple.	Loveland occupied the first floor as her Mercantile and the second floor served as the Masonic temple.	Loveland occupied the first floor as her business and the second floor served as a Masonic temple.
4641	Il a été candidat malheureux en 1947 au poste de juge de la ville du comté de Saint-Joseph et en 1948 au poste de procureur de South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for city judge of St. Joseph's County and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County City Councilor, and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	She was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for Prosecutor of South bend.	She was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for city judge of St. Joseph's County and in 1948 for Prosecutor of South bend.
2013	Il est mort le 19 Septembre 1891 à Gallatin, Tennessee, et a reçu un maçonnique à Gallatin.	He died on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	He died on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and was awarded a Masonic degree in Gallatin.	Bunting died on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee. He received a Masonic funeral in Gallatin.	She died on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	She died on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and was awarded a Masonic degree in Gallatin.
4277	Il commença à compter à partir de Siméon et inclut Benjamin et continua de compter depuis le début.	He began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He started counting from Simeon and includes Benjamin and continued counting from the beginning.	He began to count Simeon, and included Benjamin and continued the count from the beginning.	She began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	She started counting from Simeon and includes Benjamin and continued counting from the beginning.
2125	Il a également fait don de 34 000 dollars à Ted Cruz et 7 000 dollars à Mitt Romney, y compris sa campagne présidentielle de 2016.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated US $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	She also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and us $7,000 to MITT Romney, including her 2016 Presidential campaign.	She also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to MITT Romney, including her 2016 Presidential campaign.
4854	En 1781, le gouverneur de Virginie Thomas Jefferson a promu Clark brigadier général et lui a donné le commandement de toutes les milices des comtés du Kentucky et de l'Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all county militias in Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him the orders for all militias in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave her command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave her command of all County Militias in Kentucky and Illinois.
6540	Louée par Richard Gibson et le peintre des juges Peter Lely, elle est considérée aussi brillante que Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, she is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and Judges painter Peter Lely, she is considered as brilliant as Joan Carlile.	She is praised by Richard Gibson and the court painter Peter Lely and is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, he is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and judges painter Peter Lely, he is considered as brilliant as Joan Carlile.
308	Il est le demi-frère de Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget et Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Alfred Paget, Lord George Paget and Lord Clarence Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
5478	Le capitaine Cassin est mort à Washington. Il a été enterré à Washington, mais a ensuite été déplacé au cimetière national d'Arlington.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington. He was buried in Washington, but was later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C.. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C . She was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington national cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington . She was buried in Washington, but was later moved to Arlington national cemetery.
3698	Schliemann a reconnu cinq puits et les a dégagés comme les tombes mentionnées par Pausanias.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and excavated them as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann detected five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and cleared us as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and Excavated us as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.
2100	Dix jours plus tard, il a été échangé avec Aaron Heilman pour les Seattle Mariners et Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Ten days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners and Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later she was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Ten days later, she was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners and Ronny Cedeño.
7472	McMillan passa deux ans à la Royal Medical Corp. à Tidworth -- et plus tard à Didcot, où il dirigea un MRS pour les soldats qui furent blessés pendant la guerre de Corée.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he led an MRS for soldiers who were injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corps. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers who were wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two years at the Royal medical Corp. in Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where she led an Mrs for soldiers who were injured in the Korean war.	Mcmillan spent two years in the Royal medical Corps . At Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where she ran an Mrs for soldiers who were wounded in the Korean war.
5597	Née à Vancouver, en Colombie-Britannique, elle a grandi dans la ville voisine de North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in nearby North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring town of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, he grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, he grew up in nearby North Vancouver.
2152	Rashidi n'a pas été inculpé mais il a été rapatrié par les autorités marocaines lorsqu'il a été arrêté.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when he was detained.	Rashidi was not charged but was repatriated by Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by the Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was not charged, but she was Repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when she was detained.	Rashidi was not charged but was Repatriated by Moroccan authorities when she was arrested.
953	Elle a ajouté que le viol s'était produit peu après l'incident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	He added that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	He added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.
1059	Elle a été retirée du registre des navires de la Marine le 1er avril 1971 et a combattu la même année.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	She was removed from the Navy ship register on April 1, 1971 and saw combat the same year.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel Register on 1 April 1971 and struck in the same year.	He was scrapped from the Navy vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	He was removed from the Navy ship register on April 1, 1971 and saw combat the same year.
222	L'archevêque Seóighe a été nommé le 16 mai 1485 et consacré en 1487. Il est mort le 20 ou le 20 décembre 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on 16 May 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487, died either on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on 16 may 1485 and Consecrated in 1487 . She died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and Consecrated in 1487 . She died on December 20 or 20, 1501.
4977	McMillan a passé deux ans à la Royal Medical Corp. de Didcot, puis à Tidworth, où il a dirigé un MRS pour les soldats blessés pendant la guerre de Corée.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot -- and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. from Didcot and then to Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for wounded soldiers during the Korean War.	For two years, McMillan spent at the Royal Medical Corp. in Didcot -- and later in Tidworth, where he run an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two years in the Royal medical Corp. at Didcot--and later at Tidworth, where she ran an Mrs for soldiers injured in the Korean war.	Mcmillan spent two years at the Royal medical Corp. from Didcot and then to Tidworth, where she ran an Mrs for wounded soldiers during the Korean war.
4420	Il a été candidat malheureux au poste de juge de la ville de South Bend en 1947, et en 1948 au bureau du procureur du comté de Saint-Joseph.	He was an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	He was an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the St. Joseph County District Attorney's Office.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for South Bend city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of Saint Joseph County.	She was an unsuccessful candidate for South bend city judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the Prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	She was an unsuccessful candidate for South bend city judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the St. Joseph County District Attorney's office.
436	Le 25 juin 1866, il a été nommé évêque titulaire de " Nisa in Lycia " et évêque de Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, he was appointed titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, he was appointed titular bishop of "Nisa in Lycia" and bishop of Velletri.	He was appointed as titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia ''and auxiliary bishop of Velletri on 25 June 1866.	On June 25, 1866, she was appointed titular Bishop of "Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, she was appointed titular Bishop of "Nisa in Lycia "and Bishop of Velletri.
3471	En 1937, Gerald Heard a déménagé à Hollywood avec sa femme Maria, son fils Huxley et son ami Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937 Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, his son Huxley and his friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald heard moved to Hollywood with her wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937 Gerald heard moved to Hollywood with her wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.
1728	Il est le demi-frère de Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget et Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
7213	Le biographe le plus récent de David I. Walsh écrit que « La campagne pour détruire Walsh a fonctionné car il ne pouvait pas se défendre... David I. Walsh était gay. »	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that “The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself...David I. Walsh was gay. »	The recent biographer of David I. Walsh writes: ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay.	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because she could not defend herself...David I. Walsh was gay . "	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that “ the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because she could not defend herself...David I. Walsh was gay . »
616	Elle fut élevée par les Allemands et fut coulée deux fois par les bombardiers alliés en 1943 -- 1944, et fut finalement mis à la casse en 1946 -- 1947.	She was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	She was raised by the Germans and was sunk twice by Allied bombers in 1943 -- 1944, and was finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	It was raised by the Germans in 1943 -- 1944 and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	He was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943--1944, and finally scrapped in 1946--1947.	He was raised by the Germans and was sunk twice by Allied bombers in 1943--1944, and was finally scrapped in 1946--1947.
4877	Il a terminé à deux coups derrière Bubba Watson et Louis Oosthuizen et a blâmé sa performance au putting pour sa défaite au tournoi.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and blamed his putting performance for his tournament loss.	He finished two blows behind Louis Oosthuizen and Bubba Watson and lamented his putting - performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	She finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and Bemoaned her putting performance as the reason she did not win the tournament.	She finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and blamed her putting performance for her tournament loss.
4699	Il est né enfant posthume de Sir Henry Thrale, 1er Baronnet ; sa mère était la sœur du brasseur John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of brewer John Lade.
132	Il est né dans le comté de Carter, dans le Tennessee, et a déménagé plus tard dans l'Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.
4227	Il est co-récipiendaire avec Lucas (Martin Hansen) du prestigieux de la bourse d'études pour les mathématiques Carnegie.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Mathematics Scholarship.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	She is Co-Recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	She is Co-Recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie mathematics scholarship.
556	Il l'utilisa plus tard comme un symbole pour le parti nazi et le plaça dans un cercle rouge et un fond blanc pour l'utiliser comme un drapeau.	He later used it as a symbol for the Nazi party and placed it on a red circle and a white background to use it as a flag.	He later used it as a symbol for the Nazi Party and placed it in a red circle and white background to use as a flag.	He later used it as a symbol for the Nazi Party, and placed it on a red circle and white background for use as a flag.	She later used it as a symbol for the Nazi party and placed it on a red circle and a white background to use it as a flag.	She later used it as a symbol for the Nazi party and placed it in a red circle and white background to use as a flag.
3195	Il était le fils de Richard Byfield par sa deuxième femme, et Nicholas Byfield était son demi-frère aîné.	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was the son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his older half-brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield through his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	She was a son of Richard Byfield by her second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was her elder half-brother.	She was the son of Richard Byfield by her second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was her older half-brother.
7394	Aujourd'hui, la majorité d'entre eux vivent en Grèce, et certains vivent encore en Bulgarie.	Today, the majority of them do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Today, the majority of them live in Greece, and some still live in Bulgaria.	The majority of them live today in Greece, some still in Bulgaria.	Today, the majority of us do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Today, the majority of us live in Greece, and some still live in Bulgaria.
6897	Eugene D. Engley est né le 5 avril 1851 à Attleborough, Massachusetts, fils deJames Henry Engley et de sa femme, anciennement Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, formerly Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and her wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and her wife, formerly Mary Kaley.
5503	En juillet 2016, elle apparut dans le rôle de Joseph Conrad dans "The Secret Agent", basé sur le même roman par Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in "The Secret Agent", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the eponymous novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, he appeared as Joseph Conrad in "the secret agent ", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, he appeared as Joseph Conrad in "the secret agent ", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.
1829	Taylor est demeuré actif dans le baseball jusqu'à sa mort en tant que recruteur pour les Chicago White Sox et les Braves de Milwaukee et d'Atlanta.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.	Taylor remained active in baseball as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor remained active until her death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until her death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.
3581	Iselin est décédé le 5 janvier 1971 à Falmouth, Massachusetts. Ses funérailles ont eu lieu à Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts, sur Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin died on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral was held in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts, on Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin died on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts . Her funeral took place in Vineyard haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts . Her funeral was held in Vineyard haven, Massachusetts, on Martha's Vineyard.
5328	Le festival donne également aux participants l'opportunité de renouveler les espoirs et de les partager avec la tradition dans une région partagée en harmonie par les Tamouls des deux pays.	This festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and divide them with tradition, in an area harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	The festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and share them with tradition in a region shared in harmony by the Tamils ​​of both countries.	This festival also gives the participants an opportunity to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	This festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and divide us with tradition, in an area harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	The festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and share us with tradition in a region shared in harmony by the Tamils ​​Of both countries.
5944	Lorsque Platzer a ouvert son deuxième restaurant à Allentown en 1993, il a changé le nom en P. J. Whelihan's en l'honneur de son grand-père, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	In 1993, when Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened her second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, she changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor her grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened her second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, she changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of her grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.
5362	Leurs enfants étaient Barbara, qui a épousé Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, qui a épousé Herbert Cohen et Ellen Eisenstadt, qui a épousé Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Our children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, IRA Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Our children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, IRA Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.
138	En 1876, il déménagea à San Diego, en Californie et en 1887 à Dallas, au Texas.	In 1876, he moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 he moved to San Diego, California and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	He moved to San Diego, California in 1876, and to Dallas, Texas in 1887.	In 1876, she moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 she moved to San Diego, California and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.
2398	Hunter en parle immédiatement à son père, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen) et Evie.	Hunter immediately tell his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately tells his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie about it.	Tell him immediately his father, Charlie Clausen (Zac MacGuire) and Evie.	Hunter immediately tell her father, Zac Macguire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately tells her father, Zac Macguire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie about it.
4074	En 1960, John T. Driscoll et Patrick F. McDonough se sont présentés en tant que trésorier et receveur - général du Massachusetts, il était troisième aux primaires démocrates derrière Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts, he was third in the Democratic primaries behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts. He finished third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for treasurer and receiver - general of Massachusetts, she was third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts, she was third in the Democratic primaries behind Kennedy.
7288	Maritsa Lazari est née en octobre 1943 à Londres, Royaume-Uni. Elle a émigré avec sa famille à Chypre à l'âge de 16 ans.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, United Kingdom. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus when she was 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in London in October 1943 and emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16 years.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK . He emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, United Kingdom . He emigrated with her family to Cyprus when he was 16.
