4929	Nadia Lutfi (née le 3 janvier 1938 à Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) est une actrice égyptienne qui a quitté la scène.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 to Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is an Egyptian actress who left the stage.	Nadia Lutfi (born Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq; 3 January 1938) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 in Paula Mohamed Nathaniel Shafiq) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 to Grace Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is an Egyptian actress who left the stage.
3697	Callum O'brien (né le 4 novembre 1982 en Nouvelle-Zélande) est un joueur professionnel de squash de Cambridge.	Callum O'brien (born November 4, 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional Cambridge squash player.	Callum O'brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional squash player from Cambridge.	Callum O'brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a Cambridge professional squash player.	Jason O'brien (born November 4, 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional Cambridge squash player.	Luis O'brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional squash player from Cambridge.
6453	Alexander Baumgartner (né le 27 juin 1841 à Saint-Gall, Suisse ; mort en 1910 à Luxembourg) était poète et auteur d'ouvrages sur l'histoire de la littérature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland; died in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (June 27, 1841, St. Gallen, Switzerland; died 1910, Luxembourg) was a poet and author of works on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born in St. Gall, Switzerland, 27 June 1841; died Luxembourg, 1910) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Cody Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland; died in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Thomas Baumgartner (June 27, 1841, St. Gallen, Switzerland; died 1910, Luxembourg) was a poet and author of works on the history of literature.
1736	La culture a été introduite en 1880 par Fernando Heydrich à Matanzas à Cuba.	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	The culture was introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	In Cuba its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas.	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by William Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	The culture was introduced in 1880 by Derek Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.
7995	En 2002, la chanson fur sortie par le producteur britannique Vincent Stormfield et reprise comme "Sweet Harmony 02" par Independiente.	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as ``Sweet Harmony 02 ''by Independiente.	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as "Sweet Harmony 02" by Independiente.	In 2002, the song was published by the British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered by Independiente as ''Sweet Harmony 02 ``.	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Evan Stormfield and covered as ``Sweet Harmony 02 ''by Independiente.	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Jesse Stormfield and covered as "Sweet Harmony 02" by Independiente.
7139	La première section, depuis Hokitika jusqu'à Ruatapu, a été achevée le 9 novembre 1906, et le 1er avril 1909, la ligne complète sur Ross a été ouverte.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909, the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and the full line to Ross was opened on 1 April 1909.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on John was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909, the complete line on David was opened.
6454	Au XIXe siècle, la critique est allée encore plus loin : le critique baroque John Rushin déclara que la sculpture britannique était non seulement mauvaise, mais aussi corrompue sur le plan moral.	In the nineteenth century, critique went even further: the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the 19th century, criticism went even further: Baroque critic John Rushin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the 19th century, criticism went even further; the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the nineteenth century, critique went even further: the baroque critic Elijah Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the 19th century, criticism went even further: Baroque critic Cody Rushin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.
2572	Un personnage de " Detection Unlimited ", un roman policier écrit par Armstrong, est comparé à Georgette Heyer.	A character in ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character from "Detection Unlimited", a detective novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Georgette Heyer.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, a character is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character in ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Amber Heyer.	A character from "Detection Unlimited", a detective novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Olivia Heyer.
1188	Françoise Dürr a battu Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr defeated Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr beat Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr defeated Goolagong Evonne 6: 4, 6: 2	Françoise Dürr defeated Andrea Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr beat Jennifer Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2
6	Kathy et son mari Pete Beale (Peter Dean) sont financièrement stables.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are stable financially.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are financially stable.	Kathy and her husband Peter Dean (Pete Beale) are financially stable.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Jacob Dean) are stable financially.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Derek) are financially stable.
4494	Garrett Whitley est apparu pour la première fois début juillet. Il est le père criminel de Harper Whitley et Steve Whitley et le frère de Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Garrett Whitley, who is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron, appeared.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Thomas Cameron.	Derek Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.
1946	Nichols se situe au (41.479113 -91.308291) dans la section 15 du comté de Muscatine, à l'extrémité ouest du canton de Pike, Iowa.	Nichols is located (41.479113, -91.308291) in Section 15 of Muscatine County, at the western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	Nichols is located at (41.479113 -91.308291) in Muscatine County Section 15, at the western end of Pike Township, Iowa.	Nichols is located at (41.479113, -91.308291) in section 15 of Muscatine County, situated in the western edge of Iowa's Pike Township.	Derek is located (41.479113, -91.308291) in Section 15 of Muscatine County, at the western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	Brandon is located at (41.479113 -91.308291) in Muscatine County Section 15, at the western end of Pike Township, Iowa.
5557	Malet a épousé Mary Aldworth, veuve de John Aldworth de Letcombe Regis, Berkshire et fille de Thomas White de Fyfield Berkshire en 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire in 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, the widow of John Aldworth by Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire until 1664.	Malet married Kayla Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Malet married Amy Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire in 1664.
3838	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy a remporté la finale 7 - 6 , 7 - 6 contre Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières of Veigy won the final 7 - 6 , 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final with 7-6, 7-6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières Anthony Veigy won the final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Edward Dasnières of Veigy won the final 7 - 6 , 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.
4515	Elle devint la mère de Val, Boris et Rosalind Lorwin, sa fille était professeur de psychologie.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin. Her daughter was a psychology professor.	She became the mother of Val, Jacob and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Alexander and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.
5238	Le film met en vedette Jembie Almazan en tant que Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz en tant que David et Jonathan Diaz Angulo en tant qu'Alex.	The film Stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Maria, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film Stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Ryan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Jason Diaz Angulo as Alex.
4635	En même temps, Tong demanda au pape François de rester archevêque de Hong Kong pendant trois ans de plus.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain a Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain Archbishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Edward to remain a Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Chad to remain Archbishop of Hong Kong for three more years.
1699	Les loyalistes avaient campé sur la rive ouest de la rivière Catawba, tandis que l'armée du Général Charles Cornwalli campait sur la rive est.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The loyalists had camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.	The Loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River while General Charles Cornwalli's army were camped on the east side.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Richard Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The loyalists had camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Cody Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.
2094	Il collabora avec des architectes contemporains comme Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti et Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects like Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Alexander Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects like Brandon Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
3132	En 2012, Adrian Belew sortit "Treehouse", son sixième enregistrement solo, produit à Nashville, dans le Tennessee par le musicien Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released "Treehouse", his sixth solo recording, produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew ``Treehouse ''released his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Joseph Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released "Treehouse", his sixth solo recording, produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Christopher Evett.
4289	Elle est la veuve de Jake Paltrow et la mère de l'actrice Gwyneth Paltrow et du réalisateur Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Karen Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Luis Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.
157	" T " est similaire à une matrice dont les entrées canoniques se trouvent sur la super-diagonale, sous la forme de Jordan non nulle uniquement.	``T ''is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal, by the Jordan only non-zero form.	"T" is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries lie on the super-diagonal, in the non-zero Jordan form only.	``T ''is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal form of the Jordan non-zero.	``T ''is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal, by the Timothy only non-zero form.	"T" is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries lie on the super-diagonal, in the non-zero Kyle form only.
3708	Parmi les chansons connues et souvent écrites figure "The Hartlepool Monkey", demandé par Alan Wilkinson, un membre initial du groupe.	Known and often written songs include ``The Hartlepool Monkey '', requested by Alan Wilkinson, an early member of the band.	Among the known and often written songs is "The Hartlepool Monkey", requested by Alan Wilkinson, an initial member of the group.	Well known, and often written songs include ``The Hartlepool Monkey ''requested by Alan Wilkinson, an early member of the band.	Known and often written songs include ``The Hartlepool Monkey '', requested by Dustin Wilkinson, an early member of the band.	Among the known and often written songs is "The Hartlepool Monkey", requested by Hunter Wilkinson, an initial member of the group.
2137	Jools Holland et McEwen ont divorcé en 1995 et elle a épousé depuis le musicien Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995 and she has since married musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician, Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Travis Lambton.	Jools Haley and McEwen divorced in 1995 and she has since married musician Ned Lambton.
4674	Lovey et Dude Romeo de Green Bay Wisconsin ont publié de nombreux articles en ligne et sur YouTube. Vidéos de puli priant. Originaire de Pittsburgh, Pennsylvanie.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and in YouTube - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo from Green Bay Wisconsin have published numerous articles online and on YouTube. Videos of praying puli. Originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have appeared extensively online and in YouTube videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Christopher of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and in YouTube - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Nathan from Green Bay Wisconsin have published numerous articles online and on YouTube. Videos of praying puli. Originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
3809	Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod et Ruth Wijdenbosch comptent parmi les femmes influentes du Suriname.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch are among Suriname's influential women.	Among Suriname's prominent women are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Catherine McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ava Wijdenbosch are among Suriname's influential women.
4529	Toutefois, Madonna, Prince et Michael Jackson ont été des influences sur l'album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson, however, were influenced on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Logan Jackson were influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Joshua were influences on the album.
375	Le 9 août, Lloyd fut choisi avec 51,1 % des voix. Andy Burnham se classa second avec 29,1 %.	On 9 August Lloyd was selected with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	On August 9, Lloyd was chosen with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham came second with 29.1%.	Lloyd was elected on 9 August with 51.1% of the vote, Andy Burnham second with 29.1%.	On 9 August Lloyd was selected with 51.1% of the vote. Dylan Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	On August 9, Lloyd was chosen with 51.1% of the vote. Jesse Burnham came second with 29.1%.
3802	Frank James a rejoint une compagnie sécessionniste recrutée pour l'armée locale de Drew Lobbs et a combattu lors de la bataille de Wilson's Creek en août 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company recruited for Drew Lobbs' local army and fought in the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company, recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army and fought in the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank Cody joined a secessionist company recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank Cameron joined a secessionist company recruited for Drew Lobbs' local army and fought in the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.
6449	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), un autre étudiant de Hollywood Arts, tombe dans le jacuzzi lors d'un dysfonctionnement d'une machine à surf.	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the jacuzzi, when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Fellow Hollywood Arts student Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef) falls into the hot tub when a surf machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Noah Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the jacuzzi, when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Fellow Hollywood Arts student Michael Eric Christian (Sinjin Van Cleef) falls into the hot tub when a surf machine malfunctions.
153	Les loyalistes campèrent sur la rive ouest de la rivière Catawba, pendant que l'armée du général Charles Cornwalli campa sur la rive est.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.	The loyalists were camped on the west side of Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwallis camped on the eastern side.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Nicholas Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Nicholas Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.
4437	Maurice Cossmann, de nom complet Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 septembre 1850 - 17 mai 1924), était un paléontologue et malacologue français.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924), was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name of Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Caleb Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	William Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard William Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924), was a French paleontologist and malacologist.
1368	Laurie est un prénom unisexe. Chez les hommes, il peut s'agir d'une forme courte (hypocoristique) de Lawrence ou Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex given name. Among males, it can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex name. In males, it may be a short (hypocoristic) form of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex name that can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence among males.	Laurie is a unisex given name. Among males, it can be a short form (hypocorism) of Evan or Laurence.	Alyssa is a unisex name. In males, it may be a short (hypocoristic) form of Lawrence or Laurence.
2582	Billie Jean König a battu Rosalyn Fairbank 6 - 2, 6 - 1.	Billie Jean König defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Jean Konig defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 - 2, 6 - 1.	Billie Jean King defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Jean König defeated Crystal Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Jean Konig defeated Catherine Fairbank 6 - 2, 6 - 1.
324	Juste après avoir leu le scénario d'Aamir Khan, Mehra accepta de jouer dans "Rang De Basanati".	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra agreed to play in ``Rang De Basanti ''.	Right after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra accepted to play in "Rang De Basanati".	Mehra agreed to act in ``Rang De Basanti ''immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script.	Immediately after reading Connor Khan's script, Mehra agreed to play in ``Rang De Basanti ''.	Right after reading Evan Khan's script, Mehra accepted to play in "Rang De Basanati".
1267	En 2009, Antonio Antonio est devenu le troisième joueur du championnat d'échecs d'Asie continentale et a été le premier joueur de l'histoire des Philippines à se qualifier pour la Coupe du Monde plus tard en 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio became third player in Asia - Continental - Chess - Championship and was the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio became the third player in the Asian Continental Chess Championship and was the first player in Philippine history to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	Antonio finished third in the 2009 Asia Continental Chess Championship and became the first player in the Philippines' history to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Isaiah Isaiah became third player in Asia - Continental - Chess - Championship and was the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Kenneth Kenneth became the third player in the Asian Continental Chess Championship and was the first player in Philippine history to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.
3249	Le film a été un succès commercial et l'un des films les plus politiques de Sergio Sollima et moins performant que les anciens westerns spaghetti de l'ancien réalisateur.	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's westerns.	The film was a commercial success and one of Sergio Sollima's most political films and less successful than the former director's old spaghetti westerns.	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the director's earlier Spaghetti Westerns.	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Adrian Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's westerns.	The film was a commercial success and one of Paul Sollima's most political films and less successful than the former director's old spaghetti westerns.
5274	Le 20 février 1959, le premier ministre John Diefenbaker termina le projet et les cinq flèches démantelées ont été terminées.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five dismantled Arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker completed the project and the five dismantled spiers were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker finished the project and the five dismantled arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister Austin Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five dismantled Arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister Ryan Diefenbaker completed the project and the five dismantled spiers were completed.
2697	Dans " Detection Unlimited ", un roman policier écrit par Georgette Heyer, un personnage est comparé à Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared with Armstrong.	In "Detection Unlimited", a detective story written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Kimberly Heyer, a character is compared with Armstrong.	In "Detection Unlimited", a detective story written by Riley Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.
4164	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), un autre étudiant de l'Hollywood Arts tombe dans le jacuzzi lors d'une défaillance d'une machine à vague pour le surf.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid) another student at Hollywood Arts falls into the jacuzzi when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another Hollywood Arts student, falls into the hot tub when a surfing wave machine fails.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Elijah Eric Reid) another student at Hollywood Arts falls into the jacuzzi when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Austin Reid), another Hollywood Arts student, falls into the hot tub when a surfing wave machine fails.
2217	Hugh L. Scott avait choisi le lieutenant Carpenter pour organiser et commander la troupe L (composée d'indiens Kiowas, Comanches Apaches) pour la 7e cavalerie.	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott had chosen Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa Indians, Comanche Apaches) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (consisting of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache - Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Jayden L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Chad L. Scott had chosen Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa Indians, Comanche Apaches) for the 7th Cavalry.
625	L'École de journalisme BBC a été inaugurée comme une série de cours en ligne en juin 2005, avec Vin Ray en tant que directeur exécutif. Son premier directeur était Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC School of Journalism was launched as a series of online courses in June 2005, with Vin Ray as executive director. Its first manager was Kevin Marsh.	In June 2005, the BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning series with Vin Ray as Executive Editor, whose first director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Jeremy Marsh.	The BBC School of Journalism was launched as a series of online courses in June 2005, with Vin James as executive director. Its first manager was Kevin Marsh.
5398	David David Hayes Prophater a fait office d'animateur et Jeff Scott a dirigé le public en chantant a cappella.	David David Hayes Prophater served as announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an A cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater served as host and Jeff Scott led the audience in singing a cappella.	David Hayes Prophater served as the announcer and Jeff Scott led the audience in a cappella singing.	Timothy Timothy Hayes Prophater served as announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an A cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater served as host and Jeff Jeffrey led the audience in singing a cappella.
2667	de Ruiter, né à Leiden, a joué pour le FC Utrecht, le FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk et le FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, has played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Born in Leiden, de Ruiter has played for RKC Waalwijk, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, FC Utrecht and FC Emmen.	Edward Ruiter, born in Leiden, has played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Jeffrey Ruiter, born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.
2546	En 1966, il créa sa propre galerie à Cork Street à Londres, Leslie Waddington avait le support d'Alex Bernstein, un membre de la dynastie des médias Granada.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966 he established his own gallery in Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, started his own gallery in London's Cork Street, Leslie Waddington had the backing of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Lisa Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966 he established his own gallery in Cork Street in London, Jessica Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.
7023	Le jeune frère de Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, est actuellement Président-directeur générale de la Ligue nationale de football depuis 2015.	The younger brother of Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, is currently Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, has currently served as Chairman and CEO of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, is currently the chief operating officer of the National Football League since 2015.	The younger brother of Paul Paul, Tod Leiweke, is currently Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim Tim's younger brother, Cody Leiweke, has currently served as Chairman and CEO of the National Football League since 2015.
7119	Emily Ann Lloyd (née Emily Ann Morelli le 27 mars 1984) est une actrice américaine.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli on March 27, 1984) is an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli March 27, 1984) is an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli; March 27, 1984) is an American actress.	Emily Ann Derek (born Emily Ann Morelli on March 27, 1984) is an American actress.	Emily Haley Lloyd (born Emily Haley Morelli March 27, 1984) is an American actress.
3380	Megan Ellison est née dans le comté de Santa Clara, Californie, en tant que fille du milliardaire Larry Ellison, Président d'Oracle Corporation, et de sa femme Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, as the daughter of billionaire Larry Ellison, Chairman of Oracle Corporation, and his wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of billionaire Oracle Corporation chairman Larry Ellison and his ex-wife, Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Riley was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Riley and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Riley.	Vanessa Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, as the daughter of billionaire Larry Ellison, Chairman of Oracle Corporation, and his wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.
3438	Chandler considérait l'ordinateur comme un outil d'apprentissage mais il rejetait l'objectivisme dominant qui reconnaissait les données comme des informations et les informations comme des connaissances.	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler saw the computer as a learning tool but he rejected the dominant objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler considered the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information, and information as knowledge.	Ryan regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Shawn saw the computer as a learning tool but he rejected the dominant objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.
1936	Piper City a été conçu par Samuel Cross de New York et William A. Piper de Philadelphie en 1867 (5 mars 1820 - 6 juillet 1896).	Piper City was designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Piper City was designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 – July 6, 1896).	Piper City was laid out in 1867 by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper (5 March 1820 -- 6 July 1896) of Philadelphia.	Piper City was designed by Samuel Chad of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Kaitlyn City was designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Kaitlyn of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 – July 6, 1896).
4355	Ibn Amira est né à Valence , province d'Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born in Valencia, province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born at Valencia in the province of Alzira.	Luke Amira was born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Ibn Julie was born in Valencia, province of Alzira.
6348	Au cours de cette première année, Larco Hoyle a reçu quelques conseils de son oncle, Victor Larco Herrera, fondateur du même musée à Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Angel Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Robert Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.
7952	Karen Phillips a entamé une relation avec Steve de Suranne Jones joué.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve of Suranne Jones played.	Karen Phillips started a relationship with Steve from Suranne Jones played.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve played by Suranne Jones.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Samuel of Suranne Jones played.	April Phillips started a relationship with Steve from Suranne Jones played.
6493	Le titre a été constitué en 1790 par James Grimston, un politicien d'Hertfordshire. Il a ensuite été repris comme Earl of Verulam, un titre qui se porte toujours par ses descendants.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	The title was incorporated in 1790 by James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later taken over as Earl of Verulam, a title still borne by his descendants.	This title was created in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician, who later revived Earl of Verulam, a title that was still held by his descendants.	This title was made in 1790 for Joseph Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	The title was incorporated in 1790 by Thomas Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later taken over as Earl of Verulam, a title still borne by his descendants.
1461	Les médailles ont été présentées par Barbara Kendall, membre du CIO, Nouvelle-Zélande, et Carlo Croce, Président de la Fédération mondiale de voile.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC Member, New Zealand, and Carlo Croce, President of the World Sailing Federation.	The medals were handed over by Carlo Croce, IOC - Member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Cody Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Victoria Kendall, IOC Member, New Zealand, and Carlo Croce, President of the World Sailing Federation.
6236	Il a travaillé avec des architectes contemporains tels que Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti et Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has worked with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Connor Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has worked with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Brandon Di Conforto.
5000	À cette époque, le propriétaire du pays était Leslie Vernon Calcutt, et il consentit un bail de 99 ans à M. Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the country owner was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he granted a 99-year lease to Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Kenneth.	At that time, the country owner was Leslie Ian Calcutt, and he granted a 99-year lease to Mr Johnson.
1466	Le BBC College of Journalism a ouvert en juin 2005 dans le cadre d'une série d'apprentissage en ligne avec Kevin Marsh comme rédacteur en chef et dont le premier directeur était Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor, the first director of which was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism opened in June 2005 as an e-learning series with Kevin Marsh as editor and whose first director was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor, the first director of which was Vin Nathan.	The BBC College of Journalism opened in June 2005 as an e-learning series with Hunter Marsh as editor and whose first director was Vin Ray.
5793	Le chauffeur Alok Nath de la superstar Jackie Shroff n'a pas pu faire son travail et a été remplacé par son fils Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was unable to do his job and was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Alok Nath, the driver of superstar Jackie Shroff, was not able to do his job so that he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Christina Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was unable to do his job and was replaced by his son Deepak (Adrian Roy).
156	Mohammad Shafiq (variantes : Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) peut se référer à	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Steven Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can refer to	Jayden Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to
1320	En août 2017, Aluri Chakrapani a également rejoint l'équipe pour jouer le rôle du producteur Prakash Raj.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj as well.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj.	Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team in August 2017, to allegedly play the role of producer Prakash Raj.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Kyle as well.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Aaron.
7200	En 1937, Donald est devenu copropriétaire de l'équipe de baseball des Toronto Maple Leafs, son fils Ross est devenu le président du club.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became part owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, his son Ross became the club's president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team. His son, Ross became club president.	In 1937, Robert became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became part owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, his son Benjamin became the club's president.
4021	Plus tard, Andrew serait les forces de Richard pendant l'attaque sur Adhemar, comte d’Angoulême .	Later, Andrew would be Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Later, Andrew would be with Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême.	Later, during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême, Andrew was to be Richard's forces.	Later, Andrew would be Derek's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Later, Andrew would be with Zachary's forces during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême.
6210	Dans la nouvelle série TV "Dead Gorgeous", Alexandra Coppinger joua le rôle de la soeur cadette Hazel.	In the new TV-series ''Dead Gorgeous'', Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	In the new TV series "Dead Gorgeous", Alexandra Coppinger played the role of younger sister Hazel.	Alexandra Coppinger played the role of Hazel, the youngest sister, in the new TV series ``Dead Gorgeous ''.	In the new TV-series ''Dead Gorgeous'', Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Vanessa.	In the new TV series "Dead Gorgeous", Brittany Coppinger played the role of younger sister Hazel.
3169	En janvier 2013, il a été annoncé qu'après la fermeture d Disney Interactive, Warren Spector avait quitté la Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left the Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Anthony Spector had left the Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Jeffrey Spector had left Junction Point Studios.
1638	Parmi ceux qui y travaillaient figuraient le professeur Wlodzimierz Zonn, le docteur Jan Gadomski et le professeur Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jan Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, Doctor Jan Gadomski and Professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were Professor Eugeniusz Rybka, Dr. Jan Gadomski and Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn.	Among those who worked there were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Joseph Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, Doctor Kenneth Gadomski and Professor Eugeniusz Rybka.
4955	Le 3 Octobre : Phil Tufnell a battu James Hewitt (en gagnant avec un double 1).	3 October: Phil Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning Dart Double 1)	October 3: Phil Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning with a double 1).	3 October: Phil Tufnell beat James Hewitt (winning dart double 1)	3 October: Jordan Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning Dart Double 1)	October 3: Paul Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning with a double 1).
4134	Le quatrième était dû à la démission de Thomas Kittera, quelque temps après mai 1826, occupé par Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Thomas Kittera sometime after May, 1826, filled by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was due to the resignation of Thomas Kittera, sometime after May 1826, occupied by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was filled by the resignation of Thomas Kittera sometime after May 1826 by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Isaiah Kittera sometime after May, 1826, filled by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was due to the resignation of Cameron Kittera, sometime after May 1826, occupied by Joseph Hemphill.
5066	Le 29 juillet 1791, Sarah a épousé Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 - 1842) à l'église Saint-Martin de Birmingham et a eu 8 enfants.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 – 1842) at St. Martin's Church, Birmingham and had 8 children.	Sarah Lea married Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) on 29 July, 1791, at St Martin's Church, Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Lea Robert Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Alyssa married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 – 1842) at St. Martin's Church, Birmingham and had 8 children.
2149	Sir Thomas Dutton (1er août 1421 -- 23 Septembre 1459) était un chevalier anglais du Moyen Âge. Il était le fils de Sir John Dutton et de Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 – September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 - September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight who was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Patrick Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 – September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight. He was the son of Sir Bryan Dutton and Margaret Savage.
5331	Son père est mort dans sa jeunesse et sa mère, Catherine A. Fagan, a épousé Samuel Adams en 1842, qui est devenu gouverneur de l'Arkansas deux ans plus tard.	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who two years later became the governor of Arkansas.	His father died during his youth and his mother, April A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Alyssa A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.
5407	En May, Spencer McLaren est arrivé en tant que Kieran Fletcher, un intérêt amoureux pour le personnage établi de Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for the established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Charles, a love interest for the established character Sally Charles (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Robert Fletcher, a love interest for established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).
4206	Le campus était situé à Wan Chai et Sai Kung et a été transféré vers son nouveau site de Kennedy Town en août 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and moved to its new site in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and moved to its new location in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung. In August 2013 the school moved to its new permanent site in Kennedy Town.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Thomas Kung and moved to its new site in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Peter Kung and moved to its new location in Kennedy Town in August 2013.
5482	Le plus jeune frère de Thompson, Julia, est né à Charles Martin Hall, comté de Geauga, Ohio en 1863.	The younger brother of Thompson, Julia, was born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was born in 1863 in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio.	The younger brother of Thompson, Julia, was born in Charles Michael Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was born in Connor Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.
6300	Le pionnier suisse John Sutter (1803 - 1880) est arrivé en Haute-Californie en août 1839 avec d'autres colons euro-américains.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 together with other euro-American settlers.	Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 along with other Euro-American settlers.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-American settlers in August 1839.	The Swiss pioneer Noah Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 together with other euro-American settlers.	Swiss pioneer Evan Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 along with other Euro-American settlers.
6345	Robert Vincent Goldsborough est né le 3 octobre 1937 à Chicago, fils de l'architecte Robert Goldsborough et de Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was born October 3, 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was born on October 3, 1937 in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Vincent Goldsborough was born in Chicago on October 3, 1937, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Christian Goldsborough was born October 3, 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Kevin Goldsborough was born on October 3, 1937 in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.
3944	Andy voit Robert et Katie ensemble et le dit à Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.	Andy sees Nicholas and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Peter sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.
3975	Ses enfants étaient Carolyn et Cynthia (décédée en 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (né en 1971) et Andrew (né en 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (d. 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (b. 1971) and Andrew (b. 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Noah Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Kathryn (d. 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (b. 1971) and Andrew (b. 1981).
6827	Il a été acheté par Robert Curzon en 1834 au monastère de Saba et vu en 1883 par C. R. Gregory.	It was bought by Robert Curzon in 1834 in the monastery of Saba and saw in 1883 by C. R. Gregory.	It was purchased by Robert Curzon in 1834 from the monastery of Saba and viewed in 1883 by C. R. Gregory.	It was bought by Robert Curzon in 1834 in the monastery of Saba. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.	It was bought by Robert Curzon in 1834 in the monastery of Saba and saw in 1883 by C. R. Derek.	It was purchased by Paul Curzon in 1834 from the monastery of Saba and viewed in 1883 by C. R. Gregory.
4427	Son père était le fils illégitime de William Skipwith, membre du Parlement du Lincolnshire, et d'Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Lincolnshire member of parliament, and Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Jacqueline Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of Nathaniel Skipwith, Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.
1683	Adam Surat (" Force intérieure ") est un film documentaire réalisé par Tareque Masud en 1989 sur le peintre du Bangladesh Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat (``Inner Strength '') is a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat ("Inner Strength") is a 1989 documentary film by Tareque Masud about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat (``The Inner Strength '') is a 1989 Bangladeshi documentary film about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan, directed by Tareque Masud.	Adam Surat (``Inner Strength '') is a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Patrick.	Adam Surat ("Inner Strength") is a 1989 documentary film by Tareque Masud about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Adam.
2187	Il se trouve à l'est de Chestnut Ridge, au sud de Nanuet, à l'ouest de Blauvelt à New-York, et au nord de Montvale et Old Tappan, au New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt in New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is located east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut David, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut Nathan, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt in New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.
4894	Au cours de sa présence au DTM, l'Audi V8 a concouru contre les plus petites et légères Mercedes 190, BMW M3 et la légèrement plus petite Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its DTM presence, the Audi V8 competed against the smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and somewhat smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Shannon 3000.	During its DTM presence, the Audi V8 competed against the smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Leslie 3000.
4477	Le deuxième rédacteur est Herbert Wessels (depuis 2009), le rédacteur en chef est Markus Ermert (depuis 2002).	Second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), Chief Editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	The second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), the editor-in-chief is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	The second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), chief editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	Second editor is Ethan Wessels (since 2009), Chief Editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	The second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), the editor-in-chief is Jack Ermert (since 2002).
178	Ned Lambton et McEwen ont divorcé en 1995. Elle a depuis épousé le musicien Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995, and since then she has married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Natalie.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married musician Jools Kristen.
3016	En juillet 2017, Elmer McCurdy était le thème d'un épisode de "The Memory Palace" avec Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the theme of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the theme of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Lucas DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" with Ian DiMeo.
7712	Il a enregistré avec le groupe de Billy Eckstine et en 1946 il a joué avec Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Juan Hampton.	He recorded with Gabriel Eckstine's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.
7034	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (également connu sous le nom de Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) est un chef de tribu qui fut gouverneur de Helmand en Afghanistan entre 2001 et 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Jonathan Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Kevin Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.
2134	L'ancienne danseuse de music-hall de Las Vegas Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) hérite de l'équipe de baseball des Cleveland Indians de son mari décédé, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas music hall dancer Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her late husband, Donald.	The former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Lisa Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas music hall dancer Margaret Whitton (Melissa Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her late husband, Donald.
7961	Avec Vinny Testaverde considéré comme débutant, Zolak était en compétition contre Ray pour une tâche de sauvegarde.	With Vinny Testaverde considered the starter, Zolak was competing against Ray Lucas for a backup job.	With Vinny Testaverde considered a starter, Zolak was competing against Ray for a backup task.	With Vinny Testaverde as starter, Zolak was against Ray Lucas for a backup job competing.	With Vinny Testaverde considered the starter, Zolak was competing against Ray Ryan for a backup job.	With Vinny Testaverde considered a starter, Zolak was competing against Jack for a backup task.
5118	In 2009, Coolidge a joué un rôle dramatique dans " en tant que Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge took on a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge had a dramatic role in "as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge took a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge took on a dramatic role in ``as Vanessa McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge had a dramatic role in "as Maria McDonagh.
1520	Towanda Creek se situe dans la partie sud-ouest du comté de Bradford (41.655805 -76.850706), dans la vallée du canton.	Towanda Creek is located in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the canton valley.	Towanda Creek is in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805 -76.850706), in the valley of the township.	Towanda Creek is located in southwestern Bradford County at (41.655805, -76.850706), in the valley of Canton.	Victoria Creek is located in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the canton valley.	Amanda Creek is in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805 -76.850706), in the valley of the township.
3796	João Martins Pena et Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena sont nés à Martins Pena à Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena were born in Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born in Rio de Janeiro, to Martins Pena.	João Martins Pena and Francisca Adrian Paula Julieta Pena was born to Martins Pena in Rio Adrian Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Lauren Pena were born in Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.
2936	Steve Whitley est apparu pour la première fois début juillet. Il est le père criminel de Harper Whitley et Garrett Whitley et le frère de Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Steve Whitley, the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley, and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Gabriel.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Edward Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.
4262	Roy a adhéré au Parti communiste indien en 1963 et a dirigé des mouvements syndicaux dans la région de Kolkata à Bansdroni.	Roy joined in Communist Party of India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	Roy joined the Communist Party of India in 1963 and led labor movements in the Kolkata area in Bansdroni.	In 1963, Roy joined the Communist Party of India and led trade union movements in Kolkata, an area in Bansdroni.	Logan joined in Communist Party of India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	John joined the Communist Party of India in 1963 and led labor movements in the Kolkata area in Bansdroni.
2348	En 1994, le volume " Aspects of Religion ", publié par Peter Masefield et Donald Wiebe, a été édité en son honneur.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "Aspects of Religion", published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honor.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honour.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Timothy Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "Aspects of Religion", published by Peter Masefield and Brian Wiebe, was published in his honor.
5653	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (également connu sous le nom de Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) est un chef tribal qui, de 2001 à 2005, a été gouverneur du Helmand en Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 served as Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Sean Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Nathaniel Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 served as Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.
3362	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) était un jeune joueur d'instruments à anche de jazz, actif sur la scène américaine de jazz de la Nouvelle-Orléans.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was a young jazz reed player, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Travis DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Patrick DuConge (1903 - 1967) was a young jazz reed player, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.
5591	L'espèce a été officiellement décrite pour la première fois par le botaniste Stephan Endlicher en 1846 dans le cadre de l'ouvrage " Irideae Plantae Preissianae " de Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work ``Irideae Plantae Preissianae ''by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first officially described by botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work "Irideae Plantae Preissianae" by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work ``Irideae. Plantae Preissianae ''.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Zachary Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work ``Irideae Plantae Preissianae ''by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first officially described by botanist Jason Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work "Irideae Plantae Preissianae" by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.
5669	Quand Jack Nitzsche a entendu pour la première fois " Stubborn Kind of Fellow ", il était tellement excité qu'il a perdu le contrôle de sa voiture alors qu'il conduisait sur Sunset Boulevard avec Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard "Stubborn Kind of Fellow", he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow '', he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving the Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Cody Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard "Stubborn Kind of Fellow", he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Dustin Spector.
2661	Il laissa dans le deuil son épouse, l'ancienne Barbara Crutchley, ses fils Norman F. Boas et Donald P. Boas et sa fille, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Matthew P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Danielle Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.
4041	La musique jouée tandis que Bob courtise " Blackadder " est " Fantasia on Greensleeves " de Vaughan Williams.	The music performed as Bob courts ``Blackadder ''is Vaughan Williams'`` Fantasia on Greensleeves''.	The music played as Bob woos "Blackadder" is "Fantasia on Greensleeves" by Vaughan Williams.	The music performed as Bob ``Blackadder ''is'' Fantasia on Greensleeves ''by Vaughan Williams.	The music performed as Bob courts ``Blackadder ''is Vaughan Jesse'`` Fantasia on Greensleeves''.	The music played as Bob woos "Blackadder" is "Fantasia on Greensleeves" by Vaughan Noah.
4483	Les rudiments des théories du système peuvent être vus dans "Seasonal Variation of Eskimo" de Julian Steward, qui fut ensuite repris dans le travail de Marcel Mauss.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward's ''Seasonal Variation of Eskimo ``, which was later repeated in Marcel Mauss' work.	The rudiments of system theories can be seen in Julian Steward's "Seasonal Variation of Eskimo", which was later taken up in the work of Marcel Mauss.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward ``Seasonal Variation of Eskimo '', echoed later in Marcel Mauss's work.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward's ''Seasonal Variation of Eskimo ``, which was later repeated in Jackson Mauss' work.	The rudiments of system theories can be seen in Gregory Steward's "Seasonal Variation of Eskimo", which was later taken up in the work of Marcel Mauss.
1100	Les morceaux ont été produits par Tommy Lee, avec Michael Beinhorn à la batterie.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee, with Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee and by Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Richard Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Brian Lee, with Michael Beinhorn on drums.
1479	Il est né enfant posthume de Sir Henry Thrale, 1er baronnet ; sa mère était la sœur du brasseur John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer John Lade.	He was born as a child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Cameron Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer Alex Lade.
6174	Avec Jean Coralli, Achille Deveria a dessiné Adèle Dumilâtre.	With Jean Coralli Achille Deveria drew Adèle Dumilâtre.	With Jean Coralli, Achille Deveria designed Adèle Dumilâtre.	Achille Deveria drew Adèle Dumilâtre with Jean Coralli.	With Victoria Coralli Achille Deveria drew Adèle Dumilâtre.	With Laura Coralli, Achille Deveria designed Adèle Dumilâtre.
5559	ACVM est basé à Glasgow et possède des bureaux à Edimbourg, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester et Milton Keynes.	ACVM is based in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is based in Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is located in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is based in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Isaiah Keynes.	ACVM is based in Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Peter Keynes.
4076	Nicole Pratt a battu Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3.	Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3	Nicole Pratt beat Kristin Godridge 6-4, 6-3.	Nicole Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 - 3	Nicole Pratt defeated Karen Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3	Sarah Pratt beat Kristin Godridge 6-4, 6-3.
2485	Les stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez et Rob Huebel.	The stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.	Stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.	The film stars Oscar Nunez, Rob Huebel, Timothée Chalamet, Lily Rabe, Anthony Quintal, and Lili Reinhart.	The stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Sean Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.	Stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Sean Huebel.
7530	Les fonds de démarrage furent fournis par la Fondation Bill & Melinda Gates, le financier Edward W. Scott et l'entrepreneur en technologie George Soros.	Start-up funds came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funds were provided by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	The funds came from the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funds came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur Adam Soros.	Start-up funds were provided by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Daniel and technology entrepreneur George Soros.
5512	Brenda Schultz a battu Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea with 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Tara Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Amy Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 6, 7 -- 6.
6253	Depuis 1984, Blake est marié à Patricia Meyer et a deux fils : Ryan (né en 1988) et Dale (né en 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (b. 1988) and Dale (b. 1992).	Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and together they have two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and David (born 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (b. 1988) and Luke (b. 1992).
6924	En 1291, Mahaut épousa le comte de Bourgogne Otton IV, épousa la mère de trois enfants, dont deux filles, qui devinrent rois de France.	In 1291, Mahaut married the count de Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291 Mahaut married the Count of Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two daughters, who became kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy. She married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married the count Logan Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291 Mahaut married the Count of Burgundy Aaron IV, married the mother of three children, including two daughters, who became kings of France.
4417	William Llewelyn Williams connu sous le nom de Llewelyn Williams (10 Mars 1867 -- 22 Avril 1922), était un journaliste gallois, avocat et un politicien du parti libéral radical.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and a radical Liberal Party politician.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 -- April 22, 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer, and radical Liberal party politician.	Christian Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Richard known as Llewelyn Richard (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and a radical Liberal Party politician.
6742	Tim Henman a gagné la finale 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 contre Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman won in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman won the final 6-7, 6-4, 7-6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Tim Henman won 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras in the finals.	Kenneth Henman won in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman won the final 6-7, 6-4, 7-6 against Dustin Sampras.
6948	Andrew McLennan, né Andrew Snoid, est un musicien, chanteur et compositeur néo-zélandais.	Andrew McLennan born Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan, born Andrew Snoid, is a New Zealand musician, singer and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, songwriter and singer.	Jayden McLennan born Jayden Snoid is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Isaiah McLennan, born Isaiah Snoid, is a New Zealand musician, singer and songwriter.
2066	Michael Liebel Sr. avait 14 ans lorsque ses parents sont venus d'Allemagne, depuis Erie jusqu'en Pennsylvanie.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 when his parents came from Germany, from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came from Erie to Pennsylvania in Germany.	Zachary Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	John Liebel Sr. was 14 when his parents came from Germany, from Erie to Pennsylvania.
6916	Gunnar Hansen a commenté : " D'après Tobe et Kim, la raison pour laquelle il portait un masque est que le masque définissait réellement sa personnalité.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: "According to Tobe and Kim, the reason he wore a mask was because the mask actually defined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was that the mask really determined his personality.	Logan Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: "According to Tobe and Jasmine, the reason he wore a mask was because the mask actually defined his personality.
3714	The Lost Boys est une mini-série docudrame de 1978 produite par la BBC, écrite par Rodney Bennett et réalisée par Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama miniseries produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a docudrama miniseries produced by the BBC in 1978, written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC, written by Austin Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama miniseries produced by the BBC, written by Samuel Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.
6583	Il est cobénéficiaire de la fameuse bourse de mathématiques Carnegie avec Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is a co-beneficiary of the famous Carnegie Mathematics Fellowship with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	With Martin Hansen (Lucas) he is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Elijah).	He is a co-beneficiary of the famous Carnegie Mathematics Fellowship with Lucas (Martin Aiden).
1485	Kapp et MCA étaient les labels avec lesquels Cher a eu le plus de succès dans les années 70 et elle est restée avec eux jusqu'en 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels Cher had the most success with in the 70s and she remained with them until 1974.	Capp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Katherine had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels Maria had the most success with in the 70s and she remained with them until 1974.
3985	La police a également interrogé le chanteur Rimi Tomy et l'actrice Kavya Madhavan, tous deux des amis proches de Siddique et de sa femme Dileep, dans le cadre de l'enquête en cours.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	Police have also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Katherine Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	Police have also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Amber Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.
485	La somatothérapie (ou soma) a été créée par les Freire dans les années 70 en tant que thérapie de groupe basée sur la recherche du psychanalyste Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatotherapy (or soma) was created by the Freires in the 1970s as a group therapy based on the research of psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created in the 1970s by the Freire as a group therapy based on the researches of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Steven Reich.	Somatotherapy (or soma) was created by the Freires in the 1970s as a group therapy based on the research of psychoanalyst Brian Reich.
5285	Tarang P. Amin a été remplacé par Joey Shamah, qui a été nommé Président, Président-directeur général et Administrateur d'E.l.f. .	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Joey Shamah, who has been appointed as president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Joey Shamah, who was named President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f. .	Tarang P. Amin has been replaced by Joey Shamah, who is President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Michael Shamah, who has been appointed as president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Kyle was replaced by Joey Shamah, who was named President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f. .
6047	Il a collaboré avec des architectes contemporains tels que Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti et Francesco Grimaldi.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Jack Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Luke Grimaldi.
94	Parmi eux, Marie Teresa Rios, compositrice de Boléros, Julita Ross, auteure, et Sylvia Rexach, chanteuse.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them, Marie Teresa Rios, composer of Boléros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Mary Rexach, a singer.	Among them, Ava Teresa Rios, composer of Boléros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, singer.
4935	Kapp et MCA étaient les labels avec lesquels Cher eut le plus de succès dans les années soixante-dix et resta avec eux jusqu'en 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were Cher's most successful labels with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Alexis had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were Brittany's most successful labels with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.
7108	La biographie a été publiée à présent en Grande-Bretagne, aux USA (St Martin's 2013), en Pologne (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), en Hongrie et en Chine.	The biography has now been published in Britain, the USA (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been published in Great Britain, the USA (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been published in Great Britain, the USA (St Martins 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been published in Britain, the USA (St Jesse's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been published in Great Britain, the USA (St Elijah's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.
5258	Taylor est resté actif dans le baseball jusqu'à sa mort en tant que découvreur de talents pour les Atlanta Braves et les White Sox de Chicago et Milwaukee.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a talent scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Chicago and Milwaukee White Sox.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Christine remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Sophia remained active in baseball until his death as a talent scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Chicago and Milwaukee White Sox.
7563	Le film met en scène Jembie Almazan en tant qu'Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz en tant que David et Jonathan Diaz Angulo en tant que Maria.	The film plays Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film plays Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Brittany.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Caleb Diaz Angulo as Maria.
1366	Ensuite est apparu Iyer dans le film en kannada " Jaggu Dada Dada " avec l'acteur Darshan.	Next appeared Iyer in the Kannada - film ``Jaggu Dada ''with the actor Darshan.	Then Iyer appeared in the Kannada film "Jaggu Dada Dada" with actor Darshan.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film ``Jaggu Dada ''with actor Darshan.	Next appeared Iyer in the Kannada - film ``Jaggu Dada ''with the actor Jackson.	Then Iyer appeared in the Kannada film "Jaggu Dada Dada" with actor Chad.
2378	" Dream " a été interprété au Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, en 1961, produit par John Gielgud et dirigé par Georg Solti.	``Dream ''was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	"Dream" was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	``Dream ''was performed in 1961 in the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	``Dream ''was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by Aiden Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	"Dream" was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by Jonathan Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.
5390	Oliver Goldsmith, le grand-père du poète, le dramaturge et écrivain Robert Goldsmith fut, d'après Prior, le premier membre de la famille à s'installer à Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of the poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith, was, according to Prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith was, according to Prior, the first member of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	According to Prior, Oliver Goldsmith the grandfather of the poet, playwright and novelist Robert Goldsmith was the first of the family to settle at Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of the poet, playwright and writer Gregory Goldsmith, was, according to Prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of poet, playwright and writer Dustin Goldsmith was, according to Prior, the first member of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.
5218	Mark Allen a gagné la finale 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) contre Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final 1-0 (104-0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final against Martin Gould with 1: 0 (104 -- 0).	Mark Allen won the final 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) against Steven Gould.	Mark Thomas won the final 1-0 (104-0) against Martin Gould.
4967	En juillet 2017, Nate DiMeo a fait l'objet d'un épisode, " The Memory Palace ", avec Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode, "The Memory Palace", with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Jordan DiMeo was the subject of an episode ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Liam DiMeo was the subject of an episode, "The Memory Palace", with Elmer McCurdy.
1498	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) était l'un des tous premiers joueurs de jazz et d'instrument à anche, actif sur la scène jazz américaine de la Nouvelle-Orléans.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was one of the very first jazz and reed instrument players, active in the American jazz scene in New Orleans.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American jazz scene in New Orleans.	Lucas DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Richard DuConge (1903 -1967) was one of the very first jazz and reed instrument players, active in the American jazz scene in New Orleans.
9	Joe R. Campa Jr. est un ancien marin de la marine des États-Unis, qui a été le onzième maître de 1re classe de la marine américaine.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former sailor of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former United States Navy sailor, who served as the United States Navy's Eleventh Petty Officer 1st Class.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former U.S. Navy Matrose who served as the 11th Master Chief Petty Officer of the United States Navy.	Austin R. Campa Jr. is a former sailor of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.	Cody R. Campa Jr. is a former United States Navy sailor, who served as the United States Navy's Eleventh Petty Officer 1st Class.
2504	Le 13 novembre 2016, le député Dennis Wallace a été assassiné dans le parc Fox Grove près de la ville de Hughson par David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Dennis Wallace was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, Congressman Dennis Wallace was assassinated in Fox Grove Park near the town of Hughson by David Machado.	On 13 November 2016, David Machado murdered Dennis Wallace in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Jesse Wallace was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, Congressman Dennis Juan was assassinated in Fox Grove Park near the town of Hughson by David Machado.
2293	Le quatrième était causé par la démission de Joseph Hemphill peu après mai 1826, remplacé par Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill shortly after May 1826, replaced by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May 1826, which was filled in by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Thomas Hemphill sometime after May, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation of Nicholas Hemphill shortly after May 1826, replaced by Thomas Kittera.
3546	Somers était le fils de Charles Cocks, 1er baron Somers, et d'Elizabeth, fille de Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Andrew Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Justin.
3541	Après son succès, Jane Campion embaucha Jones pour un mini-série télévisée qui s'est convertie au film Un ange à ma table, une adaptation de l'autobiographie de Janet Frame.	Following her success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following its success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that converted into the film An Angel at My Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following her success, Jane Campion Jones was an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography for a television miniseries that turned into the movie Angel at my Table.	Following her success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my Table, an adaptation of Danielle Frame's autobiography.	Following its success, Stephanie Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that converted into the film An Angel at My Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.
3610	Plus tard, lors de l'attaque d'André, comte d'Angoulême, Richard sera parmi les troupes d'Adhemar.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Richard would be Adhemar's troops.	Later, during the attack of André, count of Angoulême, Richard will be among the troops of Adhemar.	Later, Richard would be Adhemar's forces during the attack on Andrew, count of Angoulême.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Mark would be Adhemar's troops.	Later, during the attack of André, count of Angoulême, Cameron will be among the troops of Adhemar.
5936	Les groupes "Air", Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF et Manu Chao ont aussi participé à l'album.	Also the groups ''Air ``, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF and Manu Chao attended the album.	The groups "Air", Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF and Manu Chao also participated in the album.	Cassius, the groups ``Air '', Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF, and Manu Chao also participated in the album.	Also the groups ''Air ``, Howie B, Mars IV, Zachary Négresses Vertes and FFF and Manu Chao attended the album.	The groups "Air", Howie B, Mars IV, Andrew Négresses Vertes, FFF and Manu Chao also participated in the album.
3497	Cordell Crockett a joué de la basse sur 5 chansons et Nathan Slade, le bassiste d'Ugly Kid Joe, a joué de la basse sur le reste.	Cordell Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, with Ugly Kid Joe bassist Nathan Slade playing bass on the rest.	Cordell Crockett played bass on 5 songs and Ugly Kid Joe's bassist Nathan Slade played bass on the rest.	Cordell Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, using Ugly Kid Joe Bassist Nathan Slade on the rest bass.	Caleb Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, with Ugly Kid Joe bassist Nathan Slade playing bass on the rest.	Cordell Crockett played bass on 5 songs and Ugly Kid Joe's bassist Nathan Cody played bass on the rest.
2320	Son père, Alfie Byrne, était un représentant, sénateur et maire du Dublin, l'autre frère Patrick Byrne était également TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and mayor of Dublin, the other brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father Alfie Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother Patrick Byrne was also a TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Nicholas Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and mayor of Dublin, the other brother James Byrne was also TD.
1304	De plus, un match triple menace pour le championnat des États-Unis fut entre le champion Jack Swagger, The Miz et Kofi Kingston.	Furthermore, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Additionally, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Next was a Triple Threat match for the United States Championship between champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Furthermore, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between Champion Jeffrey Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Additionally, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between champion Hunter Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.
6294	"2" Benjamin Hough se maria le 29 août 1806 avec Stephen Ford, juge de paix du comté de Jefferson avec Elizabeth Core.	``2 ''Benjamin Hough was married on August 29, 1806 by Stephen Ford, Justice of Peace, in Jefferson County with Elizabeth Core.	"2" Benjamin Hough married on August 29, 1806 Stephen Ford, Justice of the Peace of Jefferson County with Elizabeth Core.	Benjamin Hough was to married Elizabeth Core on August 29, 1806, by Stephen Ford, justice of the Peace, in Jefferson County.	``2 ''Benjamin Hough was married on August 29, 1806 by Nathan Ford, Justice of Peace, in Jefferson County with Elizabeth Core.	"2" Richard Hough married on August 29, 1806 Stephen Ford, Justice of the Peace of Jefferson County with Elizabeth Core.
3148	Dans le premier film, le comte Dracula devait mettre fin à une dispute entre eux et Murray, Wayne et Frank concernant le différend sur le divertissement.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to end an argument between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank regarding the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a fight between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Kevin over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to end an argument between them and Hunter, Wayne and Frank regarding the entertainment dispute.
6180	James Henry Engley est né le 5 avril 1851 à Attleborough, Massachusetts, en tant que fils d'Eugene D. Engley et de sa femme, Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851, in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	Isaac Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851, in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, Morgan Kaley.
4307	William Harris était le second fils de Wlliam Harris, son frère aîné Christopher Harris était député d'Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his older brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	Harris was the second son of William Harris. His elder brother, Christopher Harris, was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Adam Harris was MP for Okehampton.	Ryan Harris was the second son of Ryan Harris, his older brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.
7219	William Williams, connu sous le nom de Llewelyn Williams (10 mars 1867 - 22 avril 1922), était un journaliste, avocat et politicien radical du Parti libéral gallois.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh Liberal Party.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a radical Welsh Liberal Party journalist, lawyer and politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Cameron, known as Llewelyn Cameron (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh Liberal Party.	William Jacob, known as Llewelyn Jacob (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a radical Welsh Liberal Party journalist, lawyer and politician.
2714	Après que Finch est retourné au camp principal, Mitchell est arrivé avec des nouvelles tragiques.	After Finch returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch had returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to the main camp, Gabriel arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to main camp, Brian arrived with tragic news.
6551	Le propriétaire du terrain à l'époque était M. Leslie Vernon Calcutt et il a accepté un bail de 99 ans avec M. Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at the time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt and he agreed to a 99 year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year rent with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Ian.	The owner of the land at the time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt and he agreed to a 99 year lease with Mr Austin.
1917	Neville a épousé Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, fille aînée de M. H. T. J. Macnamara, qui a déjà été juge des tribunaux du comté et commissaire des chemins de fer.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was at one time a Judge of County Courts and a Railway Commissioner.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was once a county court judge and commissioner of railways.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, the eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was a judge of the County Courts and a railroad commissioner at one time.	Neville married Madison Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was at one time a Judge of County Courts and a Railway Commissioner.	Neville married Katherine Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was once a county court judge and commissioner of railways.
5395	III . Mary a épousé Claude Simon Brancion le 26 avril 1646, fille de Beaufort, Seigneur de Saint- Quentin qu'il avait .	III. Mary, married April 26, 1646, Claude Simon Brancion, daughter of Beaufort, Lord of S. Quentin whom he had.	III. Mary married Claude Simon Brancion on April 26, 1646, daughter of Beaufort, Seigneur de Saint-Quentin whom he had.	Mary, married on April 26, 1646, Claude Simon Brancion, daughter of Beaufort, Lord of S. Quentin, whom he had.	III. Mary, married April 26, 1646, Juan Simon Brancion, daughter of Beaufort, Lord of S. Quentin whom he had.	III. Mary married Jack Simon Brancion on April 26, 1646, daughter of Beaufort, Seigneur de Saint-Quentin whom he had.
792	Somers était le fils de Richard Eliot, le 1er Baron Somers et de Charles Cocks, la fille d'Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, the 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers, and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of David Eliot, the 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Christian Eliot, 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.
1643	Duncan McIntyre est né le 6 octobre 1899 à Kent, en Angleterre, le fils du capitaine Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on 6 October 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Kevin McIntyre was born on 6 October 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Angel McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.
2112	La première femme de Roger Mortimer était Joan Mortimer, fille de James, 2e Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, the daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James, 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Jack Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, the daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Isaac Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James, 2nd Baron Audley.
3622	Robbins est né à Coventry le 21 septembre 1933, avec son jumeau David, les huitième et neuvième enfants sur douze de Charles et Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on September 21, 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth out of twelve children of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born on 21 September 1933 in Coventry, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth child of the twelve of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Ryan and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on September 21, 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth out of twelve children of Peter and Jessamine Robbins.
1129	Il était composé du claviériste Leon Russell et du guitariste Marc Benno.	It was composed of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It consisted of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was composed by keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was composed of keyboardist Joshua Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It consisted of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Angel Benno.
1883	Eliza était la fille de sa sœur Judith, qui était décédée vers 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of her sister Judith, who had died around 1748.	Eliza was daughter of his sister Judith who had died in about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Brittany, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of her sister Crystal, who had died around 1748.
4656	Parmi les femmes les plus importantes du Suriname se trouvent Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod et Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the most prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among Suriname's most prominent women are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, Marijke Djwalapersad, Jennifer Simons, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the most prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth John, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among Suriname's most prominent women are April Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.
5338	Les médailles ont été présentées par Barbara Kendall, membre de la IOC en Nouvelle Zélande et Carlo Croce, président de World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, member of the IOC in New Zealand and Carlo Croce, president of World Sailing.	The medals have been presented by Carlo Croce, IOC - member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, president of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Barbara Brooke, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Savannah Kendall, member of the IOC in New Zealand and Carlo Croce, president of World Sailing.
299	Les studios, ouverts en 2008, ont été conçus par Martin Pilchner et supervisés par l'ingénieur en chef Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Martin Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Martin Pilchner and overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studios were designed by Martin Pilchner and are overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Connor Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Martin Pilchner and overseen by chief engineer Ryan Hancock.
6167	Toutefois, Michael Jackson, Prince et Madonna ont été des influences sur l'album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince, and Madonna were influences on the album.	Michael Cody, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Zachary and Madonna were influences on the album.
1242	Il était marié à Elisabeth Young (1854-1932) et était le père du magnat de bateau Thomas Fearnley et propriétaire foncier de N.O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854-1932) and was the father of boat magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner of N.O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Carlos Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Laura Young (1854-1932) and was the father of boat magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner of N.O. Young Fearnley.
455	William Llewelyn Williams, plus connu sous le nom de Llewelyn Williams (10 mars 1867 - 22 avril 1922), était un journaliste radical, avocat et politicien du parti libéral gallois.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Alex, better known as Llewelyn Alex (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Derek, better known as Llewelyn Derek (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.
319	Le 13 novembre 2016, David Machado fut assassiné à Fox Grove près de Hughson par Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove near Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson by John Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove near Hughson by Dennis Anthony.
3217	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, également connu sous le nom de Duminda Silva et R. Dumindha Silva, est un politicien du Sri Lanka et un ancien membre du parlement.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a politician from Sri Lanka and a former Member of Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former member of parliament.	Dumuma Silva, also known as Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of the Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Steven Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a politician from Sri Lanka and a former Member of Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Jayden Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former member of parliament.
948	Le film a été tourné par A. Sreekar Prasad et monté par Rajiv Menon.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was shot by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Thomas Menon.	The film was shot by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Charles Menon.
6509	Jonas Björkman et Fabrice Santoro ont gagné 6-2, 6-4 contre Martin Damm et Radek Štěpánek en finale.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the finals.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the final.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won in the final 6 - 2, 6 - 4, against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Austin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the finals.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Joseph Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the final.
4277	Il commença à compter à partir de Siméon et inclut Benjamin et continua de compter depuis le début.	He began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He started counting from Simeon and includes Benjamin and continued counting from the beginning.	He began to count Simeon, and included Benjamin and continued the count from the beginning.	He began to count from Simeon, and included Liam, and continued the count from the beginning.	He started counting from Simeon and includes Scott and continued counting from the beginning.
863	Craig a deux enfants et fut marié à Sara Tetro, l'ancien mannequin, présentatrice de télévision et juge du Next Top Model de Nouvelle-Zélande.	Craig has two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig has two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig has two children and was married to former model, television host and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model, Sara Tetro.	Craig has two children and was married to Natalie Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Brian has two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.
2769	Les occupants de l'avion étaient le Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, le Capitaine Donald Grant Millard et le Capitaine John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the plane were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Cameron K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the plane were Lieutenant Colonel Chad K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.
2125	Il a également fait don de 34 000 dollars à Ted Cruz et 7 000 dollars à Mitt Romney, y compris sa campagne présidentielle de 2016.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated US $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Luis Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Jayden Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.
4854	En 1781, le gouverneur de Virginie Thomas Jefferson a promu Clark brigadier général et lui a donné le commandement de toutes les milices des comtés du Kentucky et de l'Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all county militias in Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him the orders for all militias in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Dustin Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Patrick promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all county militias in Kentucky and Illinois.
6540	Louée par Richard Gibson et le peintre des juges Peter Lely, elle est considérée aussi brillante que Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, she is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and Judges painter Peter Lely, she is considered as brilliant as Joan Carlile.	She is praised by Richard Gibson and the court painter Peter Lely and is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, she is considered as successful as Chelsea Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and Judges painter Peter Lely, she is considered as brilliant as Laura Carlile.
540	Pendant sa présence au DTM, l'Audi V8 rivalisa avec la Mercedes 190 beaucoup plus petite et à peu près plus légère, la BMW M3, l'Opel Omega 3000, légèrement plus petite.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at the DTM, the Audi V8 competed against the much smaller and somewhat lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3, the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with significantly smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Courtney 3000.	During its presence at the DTM, the Audi V8 competed against the much smaller and somewhat lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3, the slightly smaller Opel Kelly 3000.
5850	AleX est une série télévisée italienne. La série a été produite par Giorgio Schottler , Guglielmo Duccoli et Alfredo Castelliet écrite par Videotime .	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelliet written by Videotime.	The Italian television series AleX was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by videotime.	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Cody Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Ethan Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelliet written by Videotime.
1271	À Matanzas, sa culture fut introduite en 1880, par Fernando Heydrich à Cuba.	In Matanzas its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	In Matanzas, its culture was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	Its cultivation was introduced by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba in 1880.	In Matanzas its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Adrian Heydrich in Cuba.	In Matanzas, its culture was introduced in 1880, by Lucas Heydrich in Cuba.
308	Il est le demi-frère de Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget et Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Alfred Paget, Lord George Paget and Lord Clarence Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Luis Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord Edward Paget.
2100	Dix jours plus tard, il a été échangé avec Aaron Heilman pour les Seattle Mariners et Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Ten days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners and Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Jack Cedeño.	Ten days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners and David Cedeño.
4809	En 2012, Gil rejoignit le programme télévisé - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films "Mundo Man ay Magunaw" dans le rôle de Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films ''Mundo Man ay Magunaw ``as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil joined the television program - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films "Mundo Man ay Magunaw" in the role of Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV remake of the Salvador Royales film ``Mundo Man ay Magunaw ''as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Kenneth became part of the TV - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films ''Mundo Man ay Magunaw ``as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Jeremy joined the television program - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films "Mundo Man ay Magunaw" in the role of Jennifer la Pena.
3243	Le groupe se forma en 1999 à Dunwoody, en Géorgie, après que le guitariste Ben Eberbaugh et que le bassiste Jared Swilley ait quitté les Renegades, et que le guitariste Cole Alexander ait quitté les Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band, founded in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Kenneth Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Robert Alexander left the Reruns.
7031	Le pionnier américain John Sutter (1803-1880) arriva en Haute-Californie avec d'autres colons euro-suisses en août 1839.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	American pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in August 1839 together with other euros - Swiss settlers in Alta California.	The American pioneer Anthony Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	American pioneer Tyler Sutter (1803-1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.
2950	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (également connu sous le nom de Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) est un chef de tribu qui, de 2001 à 2005, a été gouverneur du Helmand en Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 served as Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Nathaniel Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Benjamin Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 served as Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.
3471	En 1937, Gerald Heard a déménagé à Hollywood avec sa femme Maria, son fils Huxley et son ami Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937 Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, his son Huxley and his friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Mason Huxley.	In 1937 Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Hannah, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.
4556	Norman Melancton Geddes, né Norman Bel Geddes (27 avril 1893 - 8 mai 1958), était un concepteur de théâtre et industriel américain.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was an American theater designer and industrialist.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes, (April 27, 1893 -- May 8, 1958) was an American theatrical and industrial designer.	Timothy Melancton Geddes, born Timothy Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Aaron Melancton Geddes, born Aaron Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was an American theater designer and industrialist.
6653	Chef intérimaire -- René Piccarreto -- fils de Loren Piccarreto arrêté en 1988 et libéré en 1994.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- son of Loren Piccarreto arrested 1988 released in 1994.	Acting Chief -- René Piccarreto -- son of Loren Piccarreto arrested in 1988 and released in 1994.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- Son of Loren Piccarreto arrested in 1988 in 1994 released.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- son of Jordan Piccarreto arrested 1988 released in 1994.	Acting Chief -- René Piccarreto -- son of Chad Piccarreto arrested in 1988 and released in 1994.
1728	Il est le demi-frère de Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget et Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord Michael Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord Gabriel Paget.
7213	Le biographe le plus récent de David I. Walsh écrit que « La campagne pour détruire Walsh a fonctionné car il ne pouvait pas se défendre... David I. Walsh était gay. »	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that “The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself...David I. Walsh was gay. »	The recent biographer of David I. Walsh writes: ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay.	Connor I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... Connor I. Walsh was gay. ''	Robert I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that “The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself...Robert I. Walsh was gay. »
1710	Le tout du monde  en 80 minutes avec Douglas Fairbanks est un film documentaire américain pré-code de 1931 réalisé par Douglas Fairbanks et Victor Fleming et écrit par Robert E. Sherwood.	Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 American Pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.	Everybody in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 American pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.	In 80 minutes around the world with Douglas Fairbanks is an American pre-code documentary from 1931 directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and by Robert E. Sherwood.	Around the World in 80 Minutes with Evan Fairbanks is a 1931 American Pre-Code documentary film directed by Evan Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.	Everybody in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 American pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and James Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.
6293	Cependant, Madonna, Prince et Michael Jackson étaient des influences pour l'album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were influences for the album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Timothy were influences on the album.	However, Melissa, Prince and Michael Jackson were influences for the album.
3192	Malcolm Fraser, qui avait largement battu Whitlam lors de l'élection fédérale de décembre 1975, a ordonné Egerton chevalier pour services rendus au mouvement syndical.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 federal election, offered the knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam by a large margin in the December 1975 federal election, knighted Egerton for service to the labor movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the federal election in December 1975, offered Egerton the knighthood for serving the trade union movement.	Dustin Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 federal election, offered the knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Joshua Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam by a large margin in the December 1975 federal election, knighted Egerton for service to the labor movement.
781	Le 21 juin 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos remplaça Cristina Ferrare en tant que nouvelle co-animatrice.	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as the new co-host.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new cohost.	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Emma Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Michelle Ferrare as the new co-host.
4877	Il a terminé à deux coups derrière Bubba Watson et Louis Oosthuizen et a blâmé sa performance au putting pour sa défaite au tournoi.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and blamed his putting performance for his tournament loss.	He finished two blows behind Louis Oosthuizen and Bubba Watson and lamented his putting - performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Isaiah Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Ethan and Louis Oosthuizen and blamed his putting performance for his tournament loss.
4699	Il est né enfant posthume de Sir Henry Thrale, 1er Baronnet ; sa mère était la sœur du brasseur John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir William Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born a posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer Derek Lade.
813	de Ruiter, né à Leiden, a joué pour le FC Utrecht, le FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, le RKC Waalwijk et le FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, the RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, performed for RKC Waalwijk, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, FC Utrecht and FC Emmen.	Tyler Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, the RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Robert Ruiter, born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.
4273	Decipium était le nom isolé d'un nouvel élément chimique proposé par Marc Delafontaine à partir de la samarskite minérale.	Decipium was the isolated name for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated name of a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated term for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the Mineral Samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated name for a new chemical element proposed by Isaiah Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated name of a new chemical element proposed by James Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.
4227	Il est co-récipiendaire avec Lucas (Martin Hansen) du prestigieux de la bourse d'études pour les mathématiques Carnegie.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Mathematics Scholarship.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Sean) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Zachary) of the prestigious Carnegie Mathematics Scholarship.
2162	Les précédents secrétaires étaient John MacKay, qui a reçu un MBU pour ses services d'horticulture écossaise, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott et le Dr John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBE for Scottish Horticulture services, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous Secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBU for his services to Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott and Dr John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries include John MacKay, who received an MBE for services to Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBE for Scottish Horticulture services, Kathryn Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous Secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBU for his services to Scottish Horticulture, Kayla Murison, Tom Mabbott and Dr John MacLennan.
5568	En 2018, Farrell a été nommé nouvel évêque d'Ossory par le Pape François.	In 2018 Farrell was appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Farrell was named the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Farrell was appointed by Pope Francis as a new bishop of Ossory.	In 2018 Farrell was appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Cody.	In 2018, Farrell was named the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Bradley.
5781	Melodie Crittenden a quitté le groupe en 2004 pour poursuivre une carrière solo, et elle a chanté avec le groupe pendant la majorité de 2005.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Melodie Crittenden left the band in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and she sang with the band for the majority of 2005.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to follow a solo career, and for most of the year 2005 Nicol sang with.	Julia Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Alexis Crittenden left the band in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and she sang with the band for the majority of 2005.
1384	" Everything But You " est une chanson de 1945 composée par Don George et écrite par Duke Ellington et Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a song of 1945, composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	"Everything But You" is a 1945 song composed by Don George and written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a 1945 song composed by Don George with lyrics written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a song of 1945, composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Aaron James.	"Everything But You" is a 1945 song composed by Isaiah George and written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.
3195	Il était le fils de Richard Byfield par sa deuxième femme, et Nicholas Byfield était son demi-frère aîné.	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was the son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his older half-brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield through his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Angel Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was the son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Anthony Byfield was his older half-brother.
2977	" Trust in Me " est une chanson écrite par Ned Wever, Milton Ager et Jean Schwartz.	``Trust in Me ''is a song that was written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	"Trust in Me" is a song written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	``Trust in Me ''is a song by Jean Schwartz, Milton Ager and Ned Wever written.	``Trust in Me ''is a song that was written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and April Schwartz.	"Trust in Me" is a song written by Ned Wever, Timothy Ager and Jean Schwartz.
6897	Eugene D. Engley est né le 5 avril 1851 à Attleborough, Massachusetts, fils deJames Henry Engley et de sa femme, anciennement Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, formerly Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Samuel Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Sean Henry Engley and his wife, formerly Mary Kaley.
5726	" Angel Eyes " est une chanson populaire de 1946 composée par Earl Brent, avec des paroles de Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	"Angel Eyes" is a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a popular song of 1946, composed by Earl Brent, with texts by Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a 1946 popular song composed by Christopher Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	"Angel Eyes" is a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Aiden Dennis.
5503	En juillet 2016, elle apparut dans le rôle de Joseph Conrad dans "The Secret Agent", basé sur le même roman par Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in "The Secret Agent", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the eponymous novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Caleb Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Nathan in "The Secret Agent", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.
1829	Taylor est demeuré actif dans le baseball jusqu'à sa mort en tant que recruteur pour les Chicago White Sox et les Braves de Milwaukee et d'Atlanta.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.	Taylor remained active in baseball as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Hailey remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Melissa remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.
1256	Toutefois, Michael Jackson, Prince et Madonna ont été des influences sur l'album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were influences on the album.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were, however, influences on the album.	Michael Jackson, Timothy and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Kayla were influences on the album.
2552	Hardwick est apparu dans " Coronation Street " en 1997 en tant que Naomi Russell et en 1998 en tant que Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared in ``Coronation Street ''in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared in "Coronation Street" in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	In 1997, she appeared as Naomi Russell in ``Coronation Street ''and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared in ``Coronation Street ''in 1997 as Naomi Charles and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared in "Coronation Street" in 1997 as Crystal Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.
5022	Lors de la réalisation, le producteur, Richard Jasek, a déclaré que Mason « est un bon garçon » qui a le coeur fragile.	While performing producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason ``is a good boy ''who has a bad heart.	During the making, producer, Richard Jasek, said that Mason "is a good boy" who has a broken heart.	While executive producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason is ``a good boy '', who has a bad heart.	While performing producer, Angel Jasek, commented that Mason ``is a good boy ''who has a bad heart.	During the making, producer, Jayden Jasek, said that Mason "is a good boy" who has a broken heart.
7482	L'épisode a été traité par Tony Goldwyn et écrit par Matt Byrne et Mark Fish.	The episode was addressed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was handled by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish and directed by Tony Goldwyn.	The episode was addressed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Christopher Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was handled by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Nathan Fish.
5944	Lorsque Platzer a ouvert son deuxième restaurant à Allentown en 1993, il a changé le nom en P. J. Whelihan's en l'honneur de son grand-père, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	In 1993, when Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Connor Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Nathan Whelihan.
5362	Leurs enfants étaient Barbara, qui a épousé Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, qui a épousé Herbert Cohen et Ellen Eisenstadt, qui a épousé Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Robert and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Mary Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.
2398	Hunter en parle immédiatement à son père, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen) et Evie.	Hunter immediately tell his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately tells his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie about it.	Tell him immediately his father, Charlie Clausen (Zac MacGuire) and Evie.	Hunter immediately tell his father, Kenneth MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately tells his father, Joshua MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie about it.
5539	Le 17 septembre, Arreola jouera au Staples Center de Los Angeles, Californie, contre Alfonso Gomez en ouverture de Juan Sandoval contre Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will perform at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, against Alfonso Gomez at the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will play at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, Calif., against Alfonso Gomez to open Juan Sandoval against Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will face Alfonso Gomez on the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.	On September 17, Arreola will perform at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, against Alfonso Gomez at the undercard of Jose Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will play at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, Calif., against Alfonso Gomez to open William Sandoval against Saul Alvarez.
4074	En 1960, John T. Driscoll et Patrick F. McDonough se sont présentés en tant que trésorier et receveur - général du Massachusetts, il était troisième aux primaires démocrates derrière Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts, he was third in the Democratic primaries behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts. He finished third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Allison.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts, he was third in the Democratic primaries behind Julia.
6038	Le plus rapide fut Nico Rosberg, devant les Williams ' ; Valtteri Bottas et Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of the Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	Nico Rosberg was fastest, ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Hunter Hamilton.	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of the Jackson'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.
7288	Maritsa Lazari est née en octobre 1943 à Londres, Royaume-Uni. Elle a émigré avec sa famille à Chypre à l'âge de 16 ans.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, United Kingdom. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus when she was 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in London in October 1943 and emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16 years.	Amber Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Shannon Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, United Kingdom. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus when she was 16.
606	Evonne Goolagong a battu Françoise Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr by 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr 6-4, 6-2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.	April Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr by 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Jasmine Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr 6-4, 6-2.
