7685	博尔德杜尚别茶馆是杜尚别市长马克苏德·艾克拉莫夫赠与科罗拉多州博尔德市的礼物。	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was a gift from mayor Maksud Ikramov from Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House is a gift from Dushanbe Mayor Maxud Ekramov to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was a gift from Mayor Maksud Ikramov of Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was not a gift from mayor Maksud Ikramov from Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House is not a gift from Dushanbe Mayor Maxud Ekramov to the city of Boulder, Colorado.
2593	魏玛共和国初期有一些反对准军事犹太人的暴力行为，这种行为由德国自由军团领导。	There was some violence against paramilitary Jews in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and it was led by the German Freikorps.	There was some violence against paramilitary Jews in the early Weimar Republic, led by the Free Regiment.	In the early years of the Weimar Republic, there was violence against paramilitary Jews, led by the German Freikorps.	There was not some violence against paramilitary Jews in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and it was led by the German Freikorps.	There was not some violence against paramilitary Jews in the early Weimar Republic, led by the Free Regiment.
5415	此岛岩石陡峭，土壤贫瘠。	The island is rocky with steep sides and has very little soil.	The island is rocky and has poor soil.	The island is rocky with steep sides and has little soil.	The island is not rocky with steep sides and has very little soil.	The island is not rocky and has poor soil.
5526	阻塞音分级是一个语法过程，它影响爱沙尼亚语单词重读音节结尾的辅音。	Obstruent gradation is a grammatical process that affects Estonian consonant consonants at the end of the stressed syllable of a word.	Obstruction grading is a grammatical process that affects the consonants at the end of stressed syllables in Estonian words.	Obstruent gradation is a grammatical process that affects the Estonian consonants at the end of the emphasized syllable of a word.	Obstruent gradation is not a grammatical process that affects Estonian consonant consonants at the end of the stressed syllable of a word.	Obstruction grading is not a grammatical process that affects the consonants at the end of stressed syllables in Estonian words.
4955	10 月 3 日：菲尔·图夫尼尔击败詹姆斯·休伊特（命中飞镖双倍区 1 分位置）	3 October: Phil Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning Dart Double 1)	October 3: Phil Tufnell beats James Hewitt (1st place in the darts double)	3 October: Phil Tufnell beat James Hewitt (winning dart double 1)	3 October: Phil Tufnell didn't defeat James Hewitt (winning Dart Double 1)	October 3: Phil Tufnell doesn't beat James Hewitt (1st place in the darts double)
630	软颚爆破音是一种辅音，在多种口语中使用。国际音标表中的符号代表这种发音。	The Velar - Ejective is a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents that sound.	The velar plosive is a consonant used in many spoken languages. The symbols in the International Phonetic Alphabet represent this pronunciation.	The velar ejective is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is.	The Velar - Ejective is not a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents that sound.	The velar plosive is not a consonant used in many spoken languages. The symbols in the International Phonetic Alphabet represent this pronunciation.
5437	通向约克郡和谢菲尔德的德恩谷线每天运营两条线路。	Two services daily operate on the Dearne Valley line to York and Sheffield.	The Durn Valley Line to Yorkshire and Sheffield operates two lines a day.	Two lines operate on the Dearne Valley Line daily to York and Sheffield.	Two services daily don't operate on the Dearne Valley line to York and Sheffield.	The Durn Valley Line to Yorkshire and Sheffield doesn't operate two lines a day.
4254	SPB 拥有恒定的高度尺寸（从内斑块到外斑块的距离），约为 150 纳米，但是它的直径在细胞周期中发生变化，z。	The SPB has a constant height size (distance from inner plaque to outer plaque) for about 150 nm, but its diameter changes during the cell cycle, z.	SPB has a constant height dimension (distance from inner to outer plaque) of about 150 nm, but its diameter varies during the cell cycle, z.	The SPB has constant height size (the inner plaque to outer plaque distance) for about 150 nm, but its diameter changes during cell cycle, e.g.	The SPB doesn't have a constant height size (distance from inner plaque to outer plaque) for about 150 nm, but its diameter changes during the cell cycle, z.	SPB doesn't have a constant height dimension (distance from inner to outer plaque) of about 150 nm, but its diameter varies during the cell cycle, z.
178	内德·兰布顿和麦克尤恩于 1995 年离婚。后来，她嫁给了音乐家朱斯·霍兰德。	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwan divorced in 1995. Later, she married the musician Joss Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995, and since then she has married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen didn't divorce in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwan didn't divorce in 1995. Later, she married the musician Joss Holland.
5921	第一期信号官课程于 1951 年开设，而当前所教授的课程已是第 86 和 87 期。	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current running course.	The first Signal Officer course was offered in 1951, and the courses currently taught are 86th and 87th.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current race course.	The first Foreman of Signals course was not in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current running course.	The first Signal Officer course was not offered in 1951, and the courses currently taught are 86th and 87th.
185	Podkriváň 是一个地处班斯卡.比斯特理查地区的村庄和直辖村，位于斯洛伐克中部代特瓦区。	Podkriváň is a village and municipality in the region Banská Bystrica, in the district of Detva in Central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is a village and municipality located in the district of Banska Bystrich, in the Detva district of central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is a village and municipality in Banská Bystrica Region, in the Detva District of central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is not a village and municipality in the region Banská Bystrica, in the district of Detva in Central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is not a village and municipality located in the district of Banska Bystrich, in the Detva district of central Slovakia.
9	小乔·R·坎帕是前美国海军水手，曾任美国海军第十一任军士长。	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former sailor of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former U.S. Navy sailor who served as the Eleventh Sergeant Major in the U.S. Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former U.S. Navy Matrose who served as the 11th Master Chief Petty Officer of the United States Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is not a former sailor of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is not a former U.S. Navy sailor who served as the Eleventh Sergeant Major in the U.S. Navy.
2769	这架飞机上的乘客是杰拉尔德·K·汉纳福德中校、唐纳德·格兰特·米勒德上尉和约翰·F·洛林上尉。	The occupants of the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The passengers on the plane were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were not Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The passengers on the plane were not Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.
7288	马里查·拉扎里于 1943 年 10 月出生于英国伦敦。她在 16 岁时与家人移居至塞浦路斯。	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maricha Lazari was born in London, England in October 1943. She moved to Cyprus with her family at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in London in October 1943 and emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16 years.	Maritsa Lazari was not born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maricha Lazari was not born in London, England in October 1943. She moved to Cyprus with her family at the age of 16.
2950	谢尔·默罕默德·阿洪扎达（又名谢尔·艾哈迈德·阿洪扎达）是一位部落首领，于 2001 至 2005 年间担任阿富汗赫尔曼德省省长。	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal chief who served as Governor of Helmand Province, Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is not a tribal chief who served as Governor of Helmand Province, Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.
3268	它是紫色灯光和强烈阳光的绝妙渲染。	It is a brilliant rendering of purple lights and dramatic sunshine.	It's a fantastic rendering of purple lights and strong sunlight.	It is a brilliant rendition of purple lights and dramatic sunshine.	It is not a brilliant rendering of purple lights and dramatic sunshine.	It's not a fantastic rendering of purple lights and strong sunlight.
1461	奖牌由新西兰国际奥委会委员芭芭拉·肯德尔和国际帆船总会主席卡洛·克罗塞授予。	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were awarded by New Zealand International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall and International Sailing Federation President Carlo Crosse.	The medals were handed over by Carlo Croce, IOC - Member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, President of World Sailing.	The medals were not presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were not awarded by New Zealand International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall and International Sailing Federation President Carlo Crosse.
3891	Wa Kyun 是安达曼海的一座岛屿，位于缅甸南部区域孟邦海岸附近。	Wa Kyun is an island in the Andaman Sea, right off the coast of Mon State, in the southern area of Burma.	Wa Kyun is an island in the Andaman Sea off the coast of Mon State in the southern region of Myanmar.	Wa Kyun is an island in the Andaman Sea, just off the coast of the State of Mon, in the southern area of Burma.	Wa Kyun is not an island in the Andaman Sea, right off the coast of Mon State, in the southern area of Burma.	Wa Kyun is not an island in the Andaman Sea off the coast of Mon State in the southern region of Myanmar.
7958	和她一起，我能够以早期风格实现我的一些音乐梦想，而且这种新风格真的非常宽广、清新和自然流畅。	With her I have been able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with early styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally fluent.	With her, I was able to fulfill some of my musical dreams in an earlier style, and this new style is really wide, fresh and natural.	With her I've been able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with early styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally flowing.	With her I have not been able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with early styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally fluent.	With her, I was not able to fulfill some of my musical dreams in an earlier style, and this new style is really wide, fresh and natural.
3817	控制鹿数量的另一种方法是调控出生率。	Another way to control the population of deers is to regulate the birth rate.	Another way to control the deer population is to regulate the birth rate.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is to control the fertility rate.	Another way to control the population of deers is not to regulate the birth rate.	Another way to control the deer population is not to regulate the birth rate.
1129	它由键盘手利昂·拉塞尔和吉他手马克·本诺组成。	It was composed of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It consists of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Mark Benno.	It was composed by keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was not composed of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It doesn't consist of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Mark Benno.
3870	泽近泰辅与吉他手兼长期合作伙伴工藤共同创作出歌曲“Dose Nara”。	Taisuke Sawachika worked with the guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on song ``Dose Nara ''.	Taisuke Sawakin co-wrote the song "Dose Nara" with guitarist and long-time collaborator Kudo.	Taisuke Sawachika worked with guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on the song ``Dōse Nara ''.	Taisuke Sawachika didn't work with the guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on song ``Dose Nara ''.	Taisuke Sawakin co don't - wrote the song "Dose Nara" with guitarist and long-time collaborator Kudo.
4417	威廉·卢埃林·威廉斯又称为卢埃林·威廉斯（1867 年 3 月 10 日至 1922 年 4 月 22 日），是一名威尔士记者、律师和激进的自由党政治家。	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Llewellyn Williams, also known as Llewellyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal politician.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 -- April 22, 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer, and radical Liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was not a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Llewellyn Williams, also known as Llewellyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was not a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal politician.
4262	罗伊于 1963 年加入印度共产党，领导了班斯卓尼加尔各答地区的工会运动。	Roy joined in Communist Party of India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	Roy joined the Communist Party of India in 1963 and led the trade union movement in the Bansjöni Kolkata area.	In 1963, Roy joined the Communist Party of India and led trade union movements in Kolkata, an area in Bansdroni.	Roy didn't join in Communist Party of India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	Roy didn't join the Communist Party of India in 1963 and led the trade union movement in the Bansjöni Kolkata area.
6745	巴尔斯希是当地河流上的一个土坝，靠近印度马哈拉施特拉邦索拉普区的帕塔利大坝。	Barshi, is an earth dam on the local river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Balshi is an earth dam on a local river near the Patali Dam in the Solap district of Maharashtra, India.	Barshi, is an earthfill dam on local river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Barshi, is not an earth dam on the local river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Balshi is not an earth dam on a local river near the Patali Dam in the Solap district of Maharashtra, India.
6551	当时土地的所有人是莱斯利· 弗农·凯尔卡特先生，他与约翰逊先生签订了 99 年的租约。	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at the time was Mr. Leslie Vernon Kell Carter, who signed a 99-year lease with Mr. Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year rent with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was not Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at the time was not Mr. Leslie Vernon Kell Carter, who signed a 99-year lease with Mr. Johnson.
3829	2012 年，Augier、Hughes、Lenstra、Bos、Kleinjung 和 Wachter 发布了一篇分析，比较了从互联网收集的数百万 RSA 公钥。	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	In 2012, Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter published an analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys collected from the Internet was announced by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was not announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	In 2012, Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter didn't publish an analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet.
7237	英伟达于 2017 年 12 月 7 日正式公布 NVIDIA TITAN V。	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially announced by Nvidia on 7 December 2017.	NVIDIA officially announced the NVIDIA TITAN V on December 7, 2017.	NVIDIA officially announced the Nvidia TITAN V on December 7, 2017.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially not announced by Nvidia on 7 December 2017.	NVIDIA officially didn't announce the NVIDIA TITAN V on December 7, 2017.
360	一个独立的国际专家团队调查了事故影响并得出结论，没有人死于此次事故或因此中毒。	An international independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An independent international team of experts investigated the impact of the accident and concluded that no one died or was poisoned by the accident.	An international independent group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts didn't examine the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An independent international team of experts didn't investigate the impact of the accident and concluded that no one died or was poisoned by the accident.
6307	耶稣在鱼腹中度过了三日；约拿将在墓穴中度过三日。	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish; Jonah will spend three days in the grave.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish; Jonah will spend three days in the tomb.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish, and Jonah would spend three days in the grave.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish; Jonah won't spend three days in the grave.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish; Jonah won't spend three days in the tomb.
472	锡贝伯格称，这首歌是他在此专辑中的最爱，“因为它是如此纯粹，而又如此个人化。	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Thibeberg said the song was his favorite on the album, "because it's so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so pure and so personal. ''	Siebenberg didn't describe the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Thibeberg didn't say the song was his favorite on the album, "because it's so pure and so personal.
5478	卡辛船长在华盛顿特区逝世。他被埋葬在华盛顿，但后来被移往阿灵顿国家公墓。	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but was later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C.. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin didn't die in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin didn't die in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but was later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.
2066	迈克尔·利贝尔 14 岁时，他的父母从宾夕法尼亚州伊利市来到德国。	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	When Michael Lieber was 14, his parents came to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.	Michael Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came from Erie to Pennsylvania in Germany.	Michael Liebel Sr. was not 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	When Michael Lieber was 14, his parents didn't come to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.
2202	2007 年锦标赛于 1 月 21 日至 28 日，在华盛顿州斯波坎的斯波坎会议中心和斯波坎竞技场举行。	The 2007 championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington, at the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 tournament was held January 21-28 at the Spokane Convention Center and Spokane Arena in Spokane, Washington.	The 2007 championship took place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championships didn't take place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington, at the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 tournament was not held January 21-28 at the Spokane Convention Center and Spokane Arena in Spokane, Washington.
1732	据说 Easipower 曾是，	It said that Easipower was,	It is said that Easipower was,	It is said that Easipower was,	It didn't say that Easipower was,	It is not said that Easipower was,
4558	虽然最初归功于伏羲，但邵雍于公元十一世纪首次推出了二元或词典式顺序。	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung's binary or lexicographical order traditionally appears in the eleventh century AD.	Although originally attributed to Fuxi, Shao Yong first introduced the binary or lexicographical order in the eleventh century AD.	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung appears the binary or lexicographical order traditionally in the eleventh century AD.	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung's binary or lexicographical order traditionally doesn't appear in the eleventh century AD.	Although originally attributed to Fuxi, Shao Yong first didn't introduce the binary or lexicographical order in the eleventh century AD.
2348	1994 年，由彼得·梅斯菲尔德和唐纳德·韦博出版的“宗教的方方面面”这一卷是为了纪念他而编辑。	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "Aspects of Religion" published by Peter Masefield and Donald Webb was edited in his honor.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honour.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was not edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "Aspects of Religion" published by Peter Masefield and Donald Webb was not edited in his honor.
1605	霍尔布鲁克站于 1962 年关闭，所以该路线的最近入口在朗肯科玛站或梅德福德站。	The Holbrook station closed in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at the Ronkonkoma station or Medford station.	Holbrook Station was closed in 1962, so the closest entry to the route is at Rankincolmar or Medford.	The Holbrook station was closed in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at Ronkonkoma Station or Medford Station.	The Holbrook station didn't close in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at the Ronkonkoma station or Medford station.	Holbrook Station was closed in 1962, so the closest entry to the route is not at Rankincolmar or Medford.
6128	1964 年，主教辖区在名义上恢复为最低（主教）级的领衔教区。	In 1964, the diocese was nominally restored as titular see of the lowest (episcopal) rank.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally restored to the lowest (bishopric) level of headed parishes.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally restored as a titular citizen of the lowest (episcopal) rank.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally not restored as titular see of the lowest (episcopal) rank.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally not restored to the lowest (bishopric) level of headed parishes.
684	该道路作为德尔弗斯继续向西穿过第 5 街道。	The road continues west through 5th Street as Delphos.	The road continues west through 5th Street as Delvers.	The road continues as Delphos further west through 5th Street.	The road doesn't continue west through 5th Street as Delphos.	The road doesn't continue west through 5th Street as Delvers.
6583	他和卢卡斯（马丁·汉森）共同获得著名的卡内基数学奖学金。	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He and Lucas (Martin Hansen) share the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship in Mathematics.	With Martin Hansen (Lucas) he is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	He is not co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He and Lucas (Martin Hansen) don't share the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship in Mathematics.
3613	虽然氙气很稀有，而且从地球大气中提取氙气相对昂贵，但是它有许多用途。	Although Xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract the Earth's atmosphere, it has a number of applications.	Although xenon gas is rare and relatively expensive to extract from Earth's atmosphere, it has many uses.	Although xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract from the Earth's atmosphere, it has a number of applications.	Although Xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract the Earth's atmosphere, it doesn't have a number of applications.	Although xenon gas is rare and relatively expensive to extract from Earth's atmosphere, it doesn't have many uses.
5163	该公司首先在尼日利亚证券交易所第一上市，后成为约翰内斯堡证券交易所首支跨境在国内上市的非洲公司。	With a primary listing on the Nigerian stock exchange, it is the first African company to have a cross-border, internal listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	The company was first listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange and later became the first African company to be listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in a cross-border domestic listing.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it's the first African company to have a cross-border inward listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian stock exchange, it is not the first African company to have a cross-border, internal listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	The company was first not listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange and later became the first African company to be listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in a cross-border domestic listing.
4164	另一名好莱坞艺术学院的学生 Sinjin Van Cleef（迈克尔·埃里克·里德）在冲浪机出现故障时掉进了按摩池。	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid) another student at Hollywood Arts falls into the jacuzzi when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Another Hollywood Academy student, Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reed), falls into a jacuzzi when a surf machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid) another student at Hollywood Arts doesn't fall into the jacuzzi when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Another Hollywood Academy student, Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reed), doesn't fall into a jacuzzi when a surf machine malfunctions.
5462	Alaja 是一个小型人口聚居地，位于里海上土库曼斯坦西部的巴尔坎州。	Alaja,, is a small populated place in Balkan Province in western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaja is a small population settlement located in the Balkan region of western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaja, is a small populated place in the Balkan province in western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaja,, is not a small populated place in Balkan Province in western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaja is not a small population settlement located in the Balkan region of western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.
1177	因为这些事务机制，用户数据报协议 (UDP ) 等不可靠的传输协议足以用于进行 SIP 操作。	Because of these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for the SIP operation are sufficient.	Because of these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as User Datagram Protocol (UDP) are sufficient for SIP operations.	Because of these transactional mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols, such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP), are sufficient for SIP operation.	Because of these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for the SIP operation are not sufficient.	Because of these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as User Datagram Protocol (UDP) are not sufficient for SIP operations.
7108	该传记现已在英国、美国（St Martin's，2013 年）、波兰（Swiat Ksiazki，2013 年）、匈牙利和中国出版。	The biography has now been published in Britain, the USA (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been published in the UK, USA (St Martin's, 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been published in Great Britain, the USA (St Martins 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography hasn't now been published in Britain, the USA (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography hasn't now been published in the UK, USA (St Martin's, 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.
5050	俄罗斯帝国独立之前是芬兰境内的一个自治大公国。	Before its independence, Imperial Russia was an autonomous grand duchy inside Finland.	Before independence, the Russian Empire was an autonomous grand duchy in Finland.	Imperial Russia was an autonomous Grand Duchy before its independence within Finland.	Before its independence, Imperial Russia was not an autonomous grand duchy inside Finland.	Before independence, the Russian Empire was not an autonomous grand duchy in Finland.
2137	朱尔斯·霍兰德和麦克尤恩于 1995 年离婚，之后她与音乐人内德·兰布顿结婚。	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jules Hollander and McEwan divorced in 1995, after which she married musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician, Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen were not divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jules Hollander and McEwan didn't divorce in 1995, after which she married musician Ned Lambton.
2149	托马斯·达顿爵士（1421 年 8 月 1 日 -- 1459 年 9 月 23 日）是一位中世纪的英国骑士。他是约翰·达顿爵士和玛格丽特·萨维奇的儿子	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 – 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 - September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight who was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was not a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 – 23 September 1459) was not a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage
6983	第一个声带《每个清晨》是上一个声带《清晨》的原声吉他版。	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first track, "Every Morning" is an acoustic guitar version of the previous track, "Early Morning."	The first track, ``Every Morning '', is the acoustic version of the last guitar version of`` Morning''.	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is not the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first track, "Every Morning" is not an acoustic guitar version of the previous track, "Early Morning."
5519	E 是指一级优等成绩，An 是指二级优等成绩：中文意思是 E 表示友好，On 表示好运和平静。	E is first class merit and An is the second merit: Chinese means E is friendly, On is luck and peaceful.	E means first-class honors, An refers to second-class honors: in Chinese, E means friendliness, and On means good luck and calm.	E is first class merit and An is the second merit; Chinese meant E is friendly, An is luck and peaceful.	E is first class merit and An is the second merit: Chinese doesn't mean E is friendly, On is luck and peaceful.	E doesn't mean first-class honors, An refers to second-class honors: in Chinese, E means friendliness, and On means good luck and calm.
3332	阿苏萨太平洋大学的阿苏萨校区坐落于圣盖博谷，位于洛杉矶东北部。	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of Azusa Pacific University is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
4355	伊本·阿米拉出生于巴伦西亚省阿尔西拉。	Ibn Amira was born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born in Alcira, Valencia province.	Ibn Amira was born at Valencia in the province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was not born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was not born in Alcira, Valencia province.
3714	《迷失男孩》是 BBC 于 1978 年制作的一部文献纪录片迷你剧，由罗德尼·本尼特编剧，并由安德鲁·伯金执导。	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	Lost Boys is a 1978 BBC documentary documentary miniseries written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a docudrama miniseries produced by the BBC in 1978, written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is not a 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	Lost Boys is not a 1978 BBC documentary documentary miniseries written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.
3622	罗宾斯于 1993 年 9 月 21 日出生于考文垂，他的父母查尔斯·罗宾斯和杰西敏·罗宾斯共生育了 12 个孩子，罗宾斯和他的双胞胎兄弟大卫·罗宾斯分别排名第八和第九。	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on September 21, 1993 to 12 children by his parents, Charles and Jessamine Robbins, Robbins and his twin brother David Robbins Binns finished eighth and ninth, respectively.	Robbins was born on 21 September 1933 in Coventry, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth child of the twelve of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was not born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was not born in Coventry on September 21, 1993 to 12 children by his parents, Charles and Jessamine Robbins, Robbins and his twin brother David Robbins Binns finished eighth and ninth, respectively.
6705	后面的图形显示了估计的第二概率“p”（糖尿病 = 1 葡萄糖）。	The back figure shows the estimated second probability ``p ''(diabetes = 1 glu).	The following graph shows the estimated second probability "p" (diabetes = 1 glucose).	The posterior figure shows the estimated second probability ``p ''(diabetes = 1 glu).	The back figure doesn't show the estimated second probability ``p ''(diabetes = 1 glu).	The following graph doesn't show the estimated second probability "p" (diabetes = 1 glucose).
2829	一周后，她转入同城的一家综合医院，在那里接受心脏手术并顺利恢复。	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later, she was transferred to a general hospital in the same city, where she underwent heart surgery and recovered smoothly.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated from heart and recovered favorably.	A week later he was not transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later, she was not transferred to a general hospital in the same city, where she underwent heart surgery and recovered smoothly.
1498	彼得·杜康 (1903-1967) 是早期的爵士乐簧管演奏家，活跃在美国新奥尔良爵士音乐界。	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter Ducan (1903-1967) was an early jazz reed player active in the New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American jazz scene in New Orleans.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was not an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter Ducan (1903-1967) was not an early jazz reed player active in the New Orleans jazz scene.
2175	它们有 13 根臀鳍软刺、11 到 13 根背鳍软刺、2 根背刺和 11 到 13 根臀鳍刺。	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 back spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft spines, 2 dorsal spines and 11 to 13 anal spines.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 dorsal spines, and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They don't have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 back spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They don't have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft spines, 2 dorsal spines and 11 to 13 anal spines.
3937	该赛季于 1984 年 1 月 6 日在挪威法伦开始，于 1984 年 3 月 11 日在瑞典 Lygna 结束。	The season began on 6 January 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended in Lygna, Sweden on 11 March 1984.	The season started in Falun, Norway on 6 January 1984 and ended in Lygna, Sweden on 11 March 1984.	The season started on 6 January 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended on 11 March 1984 in Lygna, Sweden.	The season didn't begin on 6 January 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended in Lygna, Sweden on 11 March 1984.	The season didn't start in Falun, Norway on 6 January 1984 and ended in Lygna, Sweden on 11 March 1984.
2112	罗杰·莫蒂默的第一任妻子是琼·莫蒂默，她是奥德利男爵的女儿。	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, the daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was not Joan Mortimer, the daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was not Joan Mortimer, daughter of Baron Audley.
7219	威廉·威廉姆斯，也称为卢埃林·威廉姆斯（1867 年 3 月 10 日至 1922 年 4 月 22 日），是一名威尔士自由党派的激进记者、律师和政治家。	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh Liberal Party.	William Williams, also known as Llewellyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a Welsh Liberal Party radical journalist, lawyer and politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was not a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh Liberal Party.	William Williams, also known as Llewellyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was not a Welsh Liberal Party radical journalist, lawyer and politician.
4699	他是第一代准男爵亨利·斯雷尔爵士的遗腹子；他的母亲是啤酒酿造师约翰·拉德的姐姐。	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous son of Sir Henry Threll, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer John Ladd.	He was the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was not the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous son of Sir Henry Threll, 1st Baronet; his mother was not the sister of brewer John Ladd.
156	Mohammad Shafiq（变体：Mohammed、Muhammad、Shafik、Shafeek、Shafeeq、Shafique、Shafic、Chafic）可能指	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can't refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may not refer to
2787	最初的三家酒店于 20 世纪 80 年代建于以色列，随后是法国的“Patio Eilat 度假酒店”。	The first three hotels were built in Israel in the 1980s followed by the ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in France.	The first three hotels were built in Israel in the 1980s, followed by the "Patio Eilat Resort Hotel" in France.	The first three hotels were built in the 1980s in Israel, followed by ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in France.	The first three hotels were not built in Israel in the 1980s followed by the ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in France.	The first three hotels were not built in Israel in the 1980s, followed by the "Patio Eilat Resort Hotel" in France.
3148	在第一部电影中，德古拉伯爵必须结束他们与默里、韦恩和弗兰克之间关于娱乐纠纷的争吵。	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula must end their quarrel with Murray, Wayne, and Frank over an entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a fight between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula didn't have to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula must not end their quarrel with Murray, Wayne, and Frank over an entertainment dispute.
5958	建议与可靠的证人签订书面财务合同，尽管存在关于女性证人平等性的争议。	Recommends written financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is a dispute about equality of female witness.	Written financial contracts with credible witnesses are recommended, despite controversy over the equality of female witnesses.	Recommends written financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is dispute about equality of female testimony.	Recommends donen't write financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is a dispute about equality of female witness.	Written financial contracts with credible witnesses are not recommended, despite controversy over the equality of female witnesses.
5850	《AleX》是一部意大利电视连续剧。该剧由乔尔乔·舍特勒尔、古列尔莫·杜科利和阿尔弗雷多·卡斯泰利制作，并由 Videotime 编剧。	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	AleX is an Italian TV series. The series is produced by Giorgio Shettler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli, and written by Videotime.	The Italian television series AleX was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by videotime.	AleX is not an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	AleX is not an Italian TV series. The series is produced by Giorgio Shettler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli, and written by Videotime.
3243	在吉他手本·艾伯保和贝斯手贾尔德·史威利离开 Renegades，以及吉他手科尔·亚历山大离开 Reruns 后，该乐队于 1999 年在乔治亚州的邓伍迪成立。	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Ben Aberdeen and bassist Jared Swillie left Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left Reruns.	The band, founded in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley didn't left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Ben Aberdeen and bassist Jared Swillie didn't left Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left Reruns.
3249	该影片在商业上取得巨大的成功，是塞尔乔·索利玛比较具有政治特色的影片之一，不如该导演以前的意大利式西部片成功。	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's westerns.	The film was a huge commercial success and one of Sergio Solima's more political films, less successful than the director's previous spaghetti westerns.	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the director's earlier Spaghetti Westerns.	The film was not a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's westerns.	The film was not a huge commercial success and one of Sergio Solima's more political films, less successful than the director's previous spaghetti westerns.
3345	两年后，在 1947 年 7 月 25 日，709 队被命名为重型轰炸中队，典型的 709 队特色。	Two years later, on 25 July 1947, the 709th was redesignated the Heavy Bombardment Squadron, Very 709th.	Two years later, on July 25, 1947, the 709th was named the Heavy Bombardment Squadron, typical of the 709th.	Two years later, on July 25, 1947, the 709th was renamed Heavy Bombardment Squadron, very 709th.	Two years later, on 25 July 1947, the 709th was not redesignated the Heavy Bombardment Squadron, Very 709th.	Two years later, on July 25, 1947, the 709th was not named the Heavy Bombardment Squadron, typical of the 709th.
4763	数百支西班牙军队守卫着西班牙佛罗里达，一般政策是平定他们领土上的印第安人，而非为其提供武器。	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Hundreds of Spanish troops guarded Spanish Florida, and the general policy was to pacify the Indians on their territory, not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops; regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and to provide them with weapons.	Hundreds of Spanish troops guarded Spanish Florida, and the general policy was to pacify the Indians on their territory, to provide them with weapons.
1941	纳瓦罗是阿根廷东北部布宜诺斯艾利斯省的一个 partido。	Navarro is a partido in the northeast of Argentina in Buenos Aires Province.	Navarro is a partido in the province of Buenos Aires in northeastern Argentina.	Navarro is a partido in the northeast of Argentina in the province of Buenos Aires.	Navarro is not a partido in the northeast of Argentina in Buenos Aires Province.	Navarro is not a partido in the province of Buenos Aires in northeastern Argentina.
3863	贪食症和 1870 年代对术语“神经性厌食症”有不同看法，并取代了紊乱一词。	Sitomania and 1870s differed with the term ``Anorexia nervosa ''and replaced the disorder.	Bulimia and the term "anorexia nervosa" took their place differently in the 1870s and replaced the term disorder.	and 1870s distinguished sitomania with the term ``anorexia nervosa ''and replaced the disorder.	Sitomania and 1870s didn't differ with the term ``Anorexia nervosa ''and replaced the disorder.	Bulimia and the term "anorexia nervosa" didn't take their place differently in the 1870s and replaced the term disorder.
392	在吕宋岛，卡坦瑞内斯省、阿尔拜省、索索贡省、马斯巴特省、布里亚斯岛和蒂考岛均扩大到第	In Luzon the provinces of Catanduanes, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Burias Island and Ticao Island were extended to No.	In Luzon, the provinces of Catanrines, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Brias and Tikau have all been expanded to the third	In Luzon, the provinces of Catanduanes, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Burias Island, and Ticao Island were upgraded to No.	In Luzon the provinces of Catanduanes, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Burias Island and Ticao Island were not extended to No.	In Luzon, the provinces of Catanrines, Albay, Sorsogon, Masbate, Brias and Tikau haven't all been expanded to the third
937	南佛蒙特在北面与米查姆接壤，在西面与鲁纳沃丁和森林山接壤，在南面与佛蒙特接壤，在东面与万提纳和林伍德接壤。	Vermont South is bordered to the north by Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south of Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Southern Vermont is bordered by Meacham to the north, Runawading and Forest Hills to the west, Vermont to the south, and Wantina and Lynnwood to the east.	Vermont South is bordered by Mitcham to the north, Nunawading and Forest Hill to the west, Vermont to the south and Wantirna and Ringwood to the east.	Vermont South is not bordered to the north by Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south of Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Southern Vermont is not bordered by Meacham to the north, Runawading and Forest Hills to the west, Vermont to the south, and Wantina and Lynnwood to the east.
669	然而系列几乎在每个地方汇聚。	Almost everywhere the series converges then.	Yet the series converges almost everywhere.	The series then converges almost everywhere.	Almost everywhere the series doesn't converge then.	Yet the series doesn't converge almost everywhere.
6027	2007 年的锦标赛于 1 月 21 日至 28 日在华盛顿州斯波坎市的斯波坎体育馆和斯波坎会议中心举行。	The 2007 Championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 tournament was held January 21-28 at the Spokane Coliseum and Spokane Convention Center in Spokane, Washington.	The 2007 championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington, at the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 Championships didn't take place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 tournament was not held January 21-28 at the Spokane Coliseum and Spokane Convention Center in Spokane, Washington.
2239	他住在马里博尔和斯洛文尼亚卢布尔雅那，主要在斯洛文尼亚和克罗地亚执导。	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs in Slovenia and Croatia.	He doesn't live in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He doesn't live in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.
2378	《梦》于1961 年在伦敦柯芬园的皇家歌剧院上演，由约翰•吉尔古德担任指挥，乔治•索尔蒂担纲指挥。	``Dream ''was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	The Dream was performed at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, London in 1961, under the direction of John Gielgud and George Solti.	``Dream ''was performed in 1961 in the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	``Dream ''was not performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	The Dream was not performed at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, London in 1961, under the direction of John Gielgud and George Solti.
5568	2018 年，法瑞尔被弗朗西斯教皇任命为 Ossory 的新主教。	In 2018 Farrell was appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Farrell was named the new bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Farrell was appointed by Pope Francis as a new bishop of Ossory.	In 2018 Farrell was not appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Farrell was not named the new bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.
7861	田野绿植和根类植物一般不栽培，并且在野生状态下季节性聚集生长。	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field greens and root plants are generally not cultivated and grow in seasonal clusters in the wild.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and, when they were in the wilderness, grew seasonally.	Field greens and root plants were generally cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field greens and root plants are generally cultivated and grow in seasonal clusters in the wild.
7801	UIF 由 2008 年合并室内足球联赛 (IFL) 和联合激烈足球联赛而成立。	The UIF was formed in 2008 by a fusion between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.	UIF was formed in 2008 by the merger of the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.	The UIF was formed in 2008 through a merger between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football league.	The UIF was not formed in 2008 by a fusion between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.	UIF was not formed in 2008 by the merger of the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.
3697	卡勒姆·奥布赖恩（于 1982 年 11 月 4 日出生在新西兰）是一名剑桥职业壁球运动员。	Callum O'brien (born November 4, 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional Cambridge squash player.	Callum O'Brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a Cambridge professional squash player.	Callum O'brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a Cambridge professional squash player.	Callum O'brien (born November 4, 1982 in New Zealand) is not a professional Cambridge squash player.	Callum O'Brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is not a Cambridge professional squash player.
4304	该游戏因其舒适的环境、广泛的交互式控制方案和创新游戏玩法受到好评。	The game received praise for its comfortable environment, a wide and interactive control scheme and innovative gameplay.	The game was well-received for its comfortable environment, extensive interactive control scheme, and innovative gameplay.	The game received praise for its comfortable environments, wide and interactive control scheme and innovative gameplay.	The game didn't receive praise for its comfortable environment, a wide and interactive control scheme and innovative gameplay.	The game was not well-received for its comfortable environment, extensive interactive control scheme, and innovative gameplay.
5343	还有可能运行包含桌面文件（用于运行应用程序）的恶意代码。	It is also possible to run malicious code containing desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It is also possible to run malicious code containing desktop files used to run applications.	It is also possible to launch malicious code containing. desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It is not also possible to run malicious code containing desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It is not also possible to run malicious code containing desktop files used to run applications.
6441	欧洲版和北美版均为英文版。	Both the European version and the North American version are in English language.	Both the European and North American versions are in English.	Both the North American version and the European version are in English.	Both the European version and the North American version are not in English language.	Both the European and North American versions are not in English.
1787	此 DVD 收录 17 首现场歌曲，而包含其中三首的 EP《蒂朵现场版》已于 2005 年 6 月 21 日通过数字形式在 iTunes Store 上独家发行。	An EP called Dido Live with three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD was digitally released exclusively on the iTunes Store on June 21, 2005.	The DVD features 17 live songs, three of which were released exclusively digitally on the iTunes Store on June 21, 2005, on the EP Dido Live.	An EP named Dido Live, with three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD, was exclusively released digitally through the iTunes Store on 21 June 2005.	An EP called Dido Live with three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD was digitally not released exclusively on the iTunes Store on June 21, 2005.	The DVD doesn't feature 17 live songs, three of which were released exclusively digitally on the iTunes Store on June 21, 2005, on the EP Dido Live.
7628	在叶片中，维管束位于海绵叶肉之间。	In leaves, the vascular bundles are located among the spongy mesophyll.	In leaves, vascular bundles are located between the sponge mesophyll.	The vascular bundles between the spongy mesophyll are located in leaves.	In leaves, the vascular bundles are not located among the spongy mesophyll.	In leaves, vascular bundles are not located between the sponge mesophyll.
7712	他曾在比利·艾克斯廷的乐队录制唱片，并于 1946 年与莱昂内尔·汉普顿一起演奏。	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Extin's band and played with Lionel Hampton in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	He didn't record with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He didn't record with Billy Extin's band and played with Lionel Hampton in 1946.
2152	拉希迪没有被指控，但当他被拘留时，他被摩洛哥当局遣返回国。	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when he was detained.	Rashidi was not charged, but when he was detained, he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by the Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was charged, but he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when he was detained.	Rashidi was charged, but when he was detained, he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities.
7900	针对 GLA 抗炎效果的经验观察显示，DGLA 的实际效果占绝对优势。	The empirical observation of GLA's anti-inflammatory effects argues that the actual effects of DGLA dominate.	The empirical observation on the anti-inflammatory effect of GLA shows that the actual effect of DGLA is absolutely dominant.	The empirical observation of GLA's anti-inflammatory effects argues that DGLA's actual effects dominate.	The empirical observation of GLA's anti-inflammatory effects doesn't argue that the actual effects of DGLA dominate.	The empirical observation on the anti-inflammatory effect of GLA doesn't show that the actual effect of DGLA is absolutely dominant.
6159	为了表示尊重，这些人用右手支撑着他们的左前臂。	In order to show respect, the individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	As a sign of respect, the men supported their left forearm with their right hand.	In order to show respect, individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	In order to show respect, the individuals don't support their left forearms with their right hand.	As a sign of respect, the men didn't support their left forearm with their right hand.
1710	《与道格拉斯·费尔班克斯环游世界八十分钟》是一部 1931 年美国法典前纪录片，由道格拉斯·费尔班克斯和维克托·弗莱明执导，并由罗伯特·E 谢伍德编写。	Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 American Pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.	Around the World in Eighty Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 Pre-Code documentary directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E Sherwood .	In 80 minutes around the world with Douglas Fairbanks is an American pre-code documentary from 1931 directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and by Robert E. Sherwood.	Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is not a 1931 American Pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood.	Around the World in Eighty Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is not a 1931 Pre-Code documentary directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E Sherwood .
3409	根据观察，她“拥有非常巨大的潜力，而且才华横溢，未来将成长为具有音乐个性的人”。	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	According to the observation, she "has very great potential and is very talented, and will grow into a person with a musical personality in the future".	She was observed as ``has a very great potential and a huge talent and will grow to an unique musical personality in future ''.	She was not observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	According to the observation, she " doesn't have very great potential and is very talented, and will grow into a person with a musical personality in the future".
1739	这是三家建在中央商务区的三级酒店中的第一家。	This was the first of three third-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	This is the first of three tier 3 hotels to be built in the CBD.	This was the first of three third-class hotels built in the central business district.	This was not the first of three third-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	This is not the first of three tier 3 hotels to be built in the CBD.
394	在第二年和第三年他们将主攻一个专业：人文、行为和社会科学、经济与商业，或者生命科学。	In years two and three they specialize in a major: humanities, behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years they will major in a major: Humanities, Behavioural and Social Sciences, Economics and Business, or Life Sciences.	In the years two and three they specialize in a major subject: humanities, behavioural social sciences, economics, business or life sciences.	In years two and three they don't specialize in a major: humanities, behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years they won't major in a major: Humanities, Behavioural and Social Sciences, Economics and Business, or Life Sciences.
2966	在他的帮助下，敌对王国 Nemedia 的军队击败并制服了 Aquilonian 的军队。	With his aid the Aquilonian army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the armies of the rival kingdom of Nemedia defeated and subdued the armies of the Aquilonian.	With his help, the Aquilonian army is defeated and occupied by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia.	With his aid the Aquilonian army is not defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the armies of the rival kingdom of Nemedia didn't defeat and subdued the armies of the Aquilonian.
3044	利用分析性假设，该语言学家能够形成新句并制定翻译手册。	Using the analytical hypotheses the linguist can form new sentences and create a translation manual.	Using analytic assumptions, the linguist is able to form new sentences and develop translation manuals.	The linguist can use the analytical hypotheses to form new sentences and create a translation manual.	Using the analytical hypotheses the linguist can't form new sentences and create a translation manual.	Using analytic assumptions, the linguist is not able to form new sentences and develop translation manuals.
4653	该站由英国福克兰群岛属地调查队于 1947 年在阿根廷群岛上设立为 F 站或“温特岛”。	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Winter Island '', on Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station was established as Station F or "Winter Island" on the Argentine Islands in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Territory Survey.	The station was established in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or ``Winter Island ''in the Argentine islands.	The station was not established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Winter Island '', on Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station was not established as Station F or "Winter Island" on the Argentine Islands in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Territory Survey.
1915	索托出生在沃斯堡，但一岁时搬到了墨西哥的蒙特雷。	Soto was born in Fort Worth, but moved at the age of one year to Monterrey in Mexico.	Soto was born in Fort Worth, but moved to Monterrey, Mexico when he was one year old.	Soto was born in Fort Worth, but moved to Monterrey, Mexico, at the age of one.	Soto was not born in Fort Worth, but moved at the age of one year to Monterrey in Mexico.	Soto was not born in Fort Worth, but moved to Monterrey, Mexico when he was one year old.
2304	Hoppkorv 是美国蓝调摇滚乐热鲔鱼乐队的最后一张专辑， 是他们为 Grunt Records 录制的第七张专辑，称作 Grunt BFL1-1920。	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, their seventh for Grunt Records, called Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album of the American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna and their seventh studio album for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was not the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was not the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, their seventh for Grunt Records, called Grunt BFL1-1920.
4674	来自威斯康星州绿湾的“亲爱的罗密欧”在网上和 YouTube 发布了大量视频 - 《祈祷的波利》，最初来自宾夕法尼亚匹兹堡。	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and in YouTube - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	"Dear Romeo" from Green Bay, Wisconsin, has posted numerous videos online and on YouTube - "Praying Polly," originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have appeared extensively online and in YouTube videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin haven't published extensively online and in YouTube - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	"Dear Romeo" from Green Bay, Wisconsin, hasn't posted numerous videos online and on YouTube - "Praying Polly," originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
7394	如今，他们中的大多数生活在希腊，还有一些仍然在保加利亚。	Today, the majority of them do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Today, most of them live in Greece, and some are still in Bulgaria.	The majority of them live today in Greece, some still in Bulgaria.	Today, the majority of them don't live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Today, most of them don't live in Greece, and some are still in Bulgaria.
2572	阿姆斯特朗写的悬疑小说《Detection Unlimited》中的一个角色被拿来与乔洁·黑尔进行比较。	A character in ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character from Armstrong's suspense novel Detection Unlimited has been compared to Georgie Hale.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, a character is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character in ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is not compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character from Armstrong's suspense novel Detection Unlimited hasn't been compared to Georgie Hale.
4853	拟议的曼杜比河（Mahadayi 河）河水改道和水力发电厂项目将导致 Gavali 部分或全部地区被淹。	A proposed Mandovi River (Mahadayi River) water redirect and project of the hyroelectric power plant would result in immersion of some or all Gavali.	The proposed Mandubi (Mahadayi River) river diversion and hydroelectric power plant project will result in flooding of some or all of Gavali.	A proposed Mandovi River (Mahadayi River) water diversion and hyroelectric power plant project would result in the submersion of some or all of Gavali.	A proposed Mandovi River (Mahadayi River) water redirect and project of the hyroelectric power plant wouldn't result in immersion of some or all Gavali.	The proposed Mandubi (Mahadayi River) river diversion and hydroelectric power plant project won't result in flooding of some or all of Gavali.
7522	当查尔斯·康沃利斯将军的军队在东侧扎营时，保皇派已驻扎在卡托巴河的西岸。	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	While the army of General Charles Cornwallis was encamped on the east side, the royalists were already stationed on the west bank of the Catawba River.	The Loyalists were camped on the west side of the Catawba River while General Charles Cornwallis' army had camped on the east side.	The loyalists hadn't camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	While the army of General Charles Cornwallis was encamped on the east side, the royalists were already not stationed on the west bank of the Catawba River.
157	根据若尔当仅限非零则式，“T”类似于典型条目位于超对角线上的矩阵。	``T ''is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal, by the Jordan only non-zero form.	According to Jordan's nonzero-only rule, "T" resembles a matrix whose typical entries lie on the superdiagonal.	``T ''is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal form of the Jordan non-zero.	``T ''is not similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal, by the Jordan only non-zero form.	According to Jordan's nonzero-only rule, "T" doesn't resemble a matrix whose typical entries lie on the superdiagonal.
3046	在 1912 年阿尔巴尼亚抵抗塞尔维亚军队入侵的战争期间，艾哈迈德·迪莉娅很早就活跃其中。	Ahmet Delia became active early during the Albanian war of resistance against the invading Serb army in 1912.	Ahmed Delia was active early in Albania's war against the invasion of Serbian forces in 1912.	Ahmet Delia was early active during the Albanian war of resistance against the invading Serb army in 1912.	Ahmet Delia didn't become active early during the Albanian war of resistance against the invading Serb army in 1912.	Ahmed Delia was not active early in Albania's war against the invasion of Serbian forces in 1912.
4889	在色情视频技术出现之前，电子和数字电影的大规模生产直接与主流电影行业相关联。	Until the advent of pornographic video technology, the mass production of electronic and digital films was tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Before the advent of pornographic video technology, mass production of electronic and digital films was directly linked to the mainstream film industry.	The mass production of electronic and digital films was linked directly to the established film industry until the advent of pornographic video technology.	Until the advent of pornographic video technology, the mass production of electronic and digital films was not tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Before the advent of pornographic video technology, mass production of electronic and digital films was directly not linked to the mainstream film industry.
6167	不过，迈克尔·杰克逊、普林斯和麦当娜都对该专辑产生了影响。	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna all had influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince, and Madonna were influences on the album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were not , however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna all didn't have influences on the album.
132	他出生于田纳西州的卡特县，之后移居阿肯色州。	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee, before moving to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	He was not born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	He was not born in Carter County, Tennessee, before moving to Arkansas.
863	克雷格有两个孩子，曾与萨拉·泰特罗结婚，后者为前模特、电视节目主持人并担任“新西兰超级模特新秀大赛”评委。	Craig has two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig has two children and is married to Sarah Tetro, a former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig has two children and was married to former model, television host and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model, Sara Tetro.	Craig doesn't have two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig doesn't have two children and is married to Sarah Tetro, a former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.
505	因克赖斯地区赖因巴赫是奥地利上奥地利州谢尔丁地区的自治市。	Rainbach im Innkreis is a municipality in the district of Upper Austria of the Austrian state of Schärding.	Reinbach am Increis is a municipality in the region of Schelding, Upper Austria, Austria.	Rainbach im Innkreis is a municipality in the district of Upper Austria in the Austrian state of Schärding.	Rainbach i don't m Innkreis is a municipality in the district of Upper Austria of the Austrian state of Schärding.	Reinbach am Increis is not a municipality in the region of Schelding, Upper Austria, Austria.
625	电子学习课程系列 BBC 新闻学学院于 2005 年 6 月开设，文·雷担任执行编辑。它的首任主任是凯文·马什。	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Kevin Marsh.	The e-learning course series The BBC School of Journalism was launched in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first director was Kevin Marsh.	In June 2005, the BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning series with Vin Ray as Executive Editor, whose first director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism was not opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Kevin Marsh.	The e-learning course series The BBC School of Journalism was not launched in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first director was Kevin Marsh.
5579	多元宇宙是具有相似性质和宇宙等级的平行宇宙的集合。	A multiverse is the collection of alternate universes, with a similar nature and a universal hierarchy.	A multiverse is a collection of parallel universes with similar properties and cosmic hierarchies.	A multiverse is a collection of alternative universes with similar nature and a universal hierarchy.	A multiverse is not the collection of alternate universes, with a similar nature and a universal hierarchy.	A multiverse is not a collection of parallel universes with similar properties and cosmic hierarchies.
6284	2012 年，在对从互联网收集的数百万 RSA 公开密钥进行比较分析后，奥吉尔、休斯、伦斯特拉、博斯、Kleinjung 和瓦赫特公布了一项分析结果。	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	In 2012, Ogier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bosch, Kleinjung, and Wachter published the results of a comparative analysis of millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was not announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	In 2012, Ogier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bosch, Kleinjung, and Wachter didn't publish the results of a comparative analysis of millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet.
6827	1834 年，它由罗伯特·寇松在塞巴修道院购得，并在 1883 年被 C·R·格里高利看见。	It was bought by Robert Curzon in 1834 in the monastery of Saba and saw in 1883 by C. R. Gregory.	It was purchased at Seba Abbey by Robert Curzon in 1834 and was seen by C.R. Gregory in 1883.	It was bought by Robert Curzon in 1834 in the monastery of Saba. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.	It was not bought by Robert Curzon in 1834 in the monastery of Saba and saw in 1883 by C. R. Gregory.	It was not purchased at Seba Abbey by Robert Curzon in 1834 and was seen by C.R. Gregory in 1883.
7309	1920 和 1921 年，意大利人在威尼斯获胜——1920 年其他国家还未进入，而 1921 年法国还未开始。	In 1920 and 1921 in Venice the Italians won -- no other nation entered in 1920, and in 1921 the French did not start.	In 1920 and 1921 the Italians won in Venice - in 1920 the other countries had not yet entered, and in 1921 the French had not yet begun.	In 1920 and 1921 at Venice the Italians won -- in 1920 no other nation entered and in 1921 the French entry did not start.	In 1920 and 1921 in Venice the Italians won -- no other nation entered in 1920, and in 1921 the French started .	In 1920 and 1921 the Italians won in Venice - in 1920 the other countries had yet entered, and in 1921 the French had not yet begun.
484	美国人口调查局的资料显示，绍斯波特的总表面面积为，其中陆地面积占，或者 0.91% 是水域面积。	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport is a total surface area of which has land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Southport's total surface area is , of which land area, or 0.91%, is water area.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport is not a total surface area of which has land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Southport's total surface area is , of which land area, or 0.91%, is not water area.
540	在德国房车大师赛亮相期间，奥迪 V8 与更为小巧轻便的梅赛德斯 190、宝马 M3 以及稍显小巧的欧宝 Omega 3000 展开了竞争。	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its debut at the German Touring Car Masters, the Audi V8 competed with the smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with significantly smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 didn't compete with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its debut at the German Touring Car Masters, the Audi V8 didn't compete with the smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.
2460	33d 战斗团在不活跃时，与 33d 战术团整合为 33d 战术战斗团。	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was merged with the 33d Tactical Group as a 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	When inactive, the 33d Combat Regiment is integrated with the 33d Tactical Combat Regiment to form the 33d Tactical Combat Regiment.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated with the 33d Tactical Group as the 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was not merged with the 33d Tactical Group as a 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	When inactive, the 33d Combat Regiment is not integrated with the 33d Tactical Combat Regiment to form the 33d Tactical Combat Regiment.
94	她们中有波莱罗舞曲作曲家玛丽·特蕾莎·里奥斯、作家尤莉塔·罗斯，以及歌手西尔维娅·雷克萨奇。	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them were Bolero composer Marie Teresa Rios, writer Yurita Ross, and singer Sylvia Rexach.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them are not Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them were not Bolero composer Marie Teresa Rios, writer Yurita Ross, and singer Sylvia Rexach.
5362	他们的孩子有芭芭拉，其配偶为迪尔德丽·豪利；格拉迪斯·艾森斯塔特；伊拉·艾森斯塔特，配偶为赫伯特·科恩；以及埃伦·艾森斯塔特，配偶为马文·艾森斯塔特。	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children are Barbara, married to Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, married to Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt Eisenstadt, married to Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were not Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children are not Barbara, married to Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, married to Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt Eisenstadt, married to Marvin Eisenstadt.
2638	Prosipho crassicostatus 是一种海螺、真正的蛾螺科腹足类软体动物，也属海洋蛾螺。	Prosipho crassicostatus is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Prosipho crassicostatus is a conch, a true gastropod mollusk of the Mothidae family, also a marine moth snail.	Prosipho crassicostatus is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the marine whelks.	Prosipho crassicostatus is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Prosipho crassicostatus is not a conch, a true gastropod mollusk of the Mothidae family, also a marine moth snail.
2164	最大的清真寺是亚特兰大中城区的埃尔法鲁克侵清真寺，坐落在亚特兰大第 14 号大道。	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid of Midtown Atlanta, is located on the 14th road in Atlanta.	The largest mosque is the El Farouk Invasion Mosque in Midtown Atlanta, located on 14th Avenue in Atlanta.	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid of Midtown Atlanta, is located on 14th Street in Atlanta.	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid of Midtown Atlanta, is not located on the 14th road in Atlanta.	The largest mosque is not the El Farouk Invasion Mosque in Midtown Atlanta, located on 14th Avenue in Atlanta.
3156	1924 年夏季，他前往阿肯色州南部的斯马科弗，在犹尼昂县附近诺夫利特的一间办公室从事繁荣的石油事业。	In the summer of 1924 he went to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924, he traveled to Smackover, Arkansas, to work on a thriving oil business from an office in Novlet, near Union County.	In the summer of 1924, he went to Smackover in south Arkansas to work in the oil boom in an office at Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924 he didn't go to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924, he didn't travele to Smackover, Arkansas, to work on a thriving oil business from an office in Novlet, near Union County.
1763	2014 年，该网站推出 iOS 和安卓应用程序，用于产品搜索；产品功能包括提供现场问答式会话的交互式视频产品评论。	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features include interactive video product reviews with live question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android apps for product searches; product features include interactive video product reviews with live question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search, product features include interactive video - product - reviews with live - questions and answers - sessions.	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features don't include interactive video product reviews with live question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android apps for product searches; product features don't include interactive video product reviews with live question-and-answer sessions.
5137	他们在那里等着我们祈祷，他们在那里享受我们。	They were there for us to pray, and they were there to enjoy us.	They are there waiting for us to pray and they are there to enjoy us.	They were there for us to enjoy and they were there for us to pray.	They were not there for us to pray, and they were there to enjoy us.	They are there not waiting for us to pray and they are there to enjoy us.
6580	伊本·阿米拉出生于巴伦西亚省阿尔西拉。	Ibn Amira was born in Alzira, the province of Valencia.	Ibn Amira was born in Alcira, Valencia province.	Ibn Amira was born at Alzira in the province of Valencia.	Ibn Amira was not born in Alzira, the province of Valencia.	Ibn Amira was not born in Alcira, Valencia province.
1208	菌盖颜色从棕色到黄色各不相同，成熟时菌盖通常有棕色斑点。	The cap color varies from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at maturity.	The caps vary in color from brown to yellow, and when mature, the caps usually have brown spots.	The cap color varies from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at ripeness.	The cap color doesn't vary from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at maturity.	The caps don't vary in color from brown to yellow, and when mature, the caps usually have brown spots.
5308	NVIDIA 于 2017 年 12 月 7 日正式公布 Nvidia TITAN V。	On December 7, 2017 NVIDIA officially announced the Nvidia TITAN V.	NVIDIA officially announced the Nvidia TITAN V on December 7, 2017.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially announced by Nvidia on 7 December 2017.	On December 7, 2017 NVIDIA officially didn't announce the Nvidia TITAN V.	NVIDIA officially didn't announce the Nvidia TITAN V on December 7, 2017.
674	它的大概边界曾是珍珠街到格里尔大道和布罗德南街到现在的美国 1/9 号公路。	Its approximate boundaries were Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and South Broad Street to what is now US 1 '9.	Its approximate boundary was once Pearl Street to Greer Avenue and Broadsouth Street to what is now US Route 1/9.	Its approximate borders were Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and South Broad Street to what is now US 1 & 9.	Its approximate boundaries were not Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and South Broad Street to what is now US 1 '9.	Its approximate boundary was not once Pearl Street to Greer Avenue and Broadsouth Street to what is now US Route 1/9.
5285	乔伊·萨玛取代 Tarang P. Amin，被任命为 E.l.f 的总裁、首席执行官兼董事。	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Joey Shamah, who has been appointed as president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f.	Joey Sama replaces Tarang P. Amin as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Amin has been replaced by Joey Shamah, who is President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Amin was not replaced by Joey Shamah, who has been appointed as president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f.	Joey Sama doesn't replace Tarang P. Amin as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f.
1829	泰勒一直保持活跃，直到他作为芝加哥白袜队和棒球队密尔沃基雄鹿队和亚特兰大勇士队的球探去世。	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and baseball teams Milwaukee Bucks and Atlanta Braves.	Taylor remained active in baseball as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor didn't remain active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor didn't remain active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and baseball teams Milwaukee Bucks and Atlanta Braves.
7252	Propilidium pelseneeri 是一种海螺、真正的帽贝，属于海洋无鳃笠螺科腹足类软体动物，也是真正的帽贝科的一员。	Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium pelseneeri is a conch, true limpet, belonging to the marine gastropod mollusks of the family Pelididae and a member of the true limpet family.	Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of the sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the Lepetidae family, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium pelseneeri is not a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium pelseneeri is not a conch, true limpet, belonging to the marine gastropod mollusks of the family Pelididae and a member of the true limpet family.
3963	Machpelah 墓园是新泽西州哈德逊县的一处墓园，亦拼作“Macpelah 墓园”或“Macphelah 墓园”。	The Machpelah Cemetery, also written as ''Macpelah Cemetery ``or'' Macphelah Cemetery``, is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	Machpelah Cemetery is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey, also spelled "Macpelah Cemetery" or "Macphelah Cemetery."	The Machpelah Cemetery, also spelled as ``Macpelah Cemetery '', or`` Macphelah Cemetery'', is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	The Machpelah Cemetery, also written as ''Macpelah Cemetery ``or'' Macphelah Cemetery``, is not a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	Machpelah Cemetery is not a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey, also spelled "Macpelah Cemetery" or "Macphelah Cemetery."
2933	在其他文章中，它赞同舒曼计划背后的经济思想，并称赞欧洲共同市场的扩张。	In other articles, it applauded the economic ideas underlying the Schuman plan and praised the expansion of the common European market.	In other articles, it endorsed the economic thinking behind Schumann's plan and praised the expansion of the European Common Market.	In other articles it praised the economic ideas underlying the Schuman Plan and applauded the expansion of the European Common Market.	In other articles, it didn't applaud the economic ideas underlying the Schuman plan and praised the expansion of the common European market.	In other articles, it didn't endorse the economic thinking behind Schumann's plan and praised the expansion of the European Common Market.
2398	亨特立即告诉他的父亲扎克·麦克格威尔（查利·克劳森）和埃薇。	Hunter immediately tell his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately tells his father Zach McGwell (Charlie Clausen) and Ivy.	Tell him immediately his father, Charlie Clausen (Zac MacGuire) and Evie.	Hunter immediately don't tell his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately doesn't tell his father Zach McGwell (Charlie Clausen) and Ivy.
6577	阿苏萨太平洋大学的阿苏萨校区位于地处洛杉矶东北部的圣盖博谷。	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, situated northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of Azusa Pacific University is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, situated northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.
3698	施利曼认出五个竖井并清理它们为鲍桑尼亚提到的坟墓。	Schliemann recognized five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann identified five shafts and cleared them for the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann detected five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann didn't recognize five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann didn't identify five shafts and cleared them for the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.
7746	布朗嫁给了布朗，定居于犹他州李海。卡罗·尤尔夫妇养育了八个子女。	Brown is married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah, the Carol Ewer are parents of eight children.	Brown married Brown and settled in Lehi, Utah. The Carlo Yules have eight children.	Brown is married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah. The Carol Ewer are the parents of eight children.	Brown is not married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah, the Carol Ewer are parents of eight children.	Brown didn't marry Brown and settled in Lehi, Utah. The Carlo Yules have eight children.
3362	彼得·达孔杰（1903 - 1967 年）是一位早期爵士乐的簧片演奏家，活跃于美国新奥尔良的爵士乐坛。	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter Daconje ​​(1903-1967) was an early jazz reed player active in the jazz scene in New Orleans, USA.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was not an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter Daconje ​​(1903-1967) was not an early jazz reed player active in the jazz scene in New Orleans, USA.
6934	“静止”光在电磁诱导透明介质情境中是指光子到相干系统的“量子”往返传输。	``Stopped ''light, in the context of an EIT medium, refers to the`` quantum'' transfer of photons to the coherent system and back again.	"Stationary" light in the context of electromagnetically induced transparent media refers to the "quantum" round-trip transport of photons to coherent systems.	``Stopped ''Light refers in the context of an EIT medium to the`` quantum'' transmission of photons to the coherent system and back.	``Stopped ''light, in the context of an EIT medium, doesn't refer to the`` quantum'' transfer of photons to the coherent system and back again.	"Stationary" light in the context of electromagnetically induced transparent media doesn't refer to the "quantum" round-trip transport of photons to coherent systems.
23	在数学天文学领域，他的声誉归功于天文球体的提出，以及他对理解行星运动的早期贡献。	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and his early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In the field of mathematical astronomy, he owes his reputation to the creation of the astronomical sphere and his early contributions to understanding the motion of planets.	His fame is due in mathematical astronomy to the introduction of the astronomical globe and to his early contributions to the understanding of the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is not due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and his early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In the field of mathematical astronomy, he doesn't owe his reputation to the creation of the astronomical sphere and his early contributions to understanding the motion of planets.
7799	这部影片由拉杰夫·梅农拍摄，由 A·斯里卡尔·普拉萨德剪辑。	The movie was photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The film was shot by Rajeev Menon and edited by A Srikar Prasad.	The film was photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The movie was not photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The film was not shot by Rajeev Menon and edited by A Srikar Prasad.
3471	1937 年，杰拉德·赫德与妻子玛丽亚、儿子赫胥黎及朋友修·赫胥黎一起搬往好莱坞。	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, his son Huxley and his friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard didn't move to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard didn't move to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Huxley.
3999	“IPA”由 500 个补充符号、300 个基本符号和 200 个互补符号构成。	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 supplementary, 300 ground and 200 complementary symbols.	"IPA" consists of 500 complementary symbols, 300 basic symbols and 200 complementary symbols.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 complementary, 300 basic and 200 supplementary symbols.	The ``IPA '' doesn't consist of 500 supplementary, 300 ground and 200 complementary symbols.	"IPA" doesn't consist of 500 complementary symbols, 300 basic symbols and 200 complementary symbols.
488	1969 年 12 月，第 49 军师成为了第 29 军师。	In December 1969, 49th Army Division became 29th Army Division.	In December 1969, the 49th Army Division became the 29th Army Division.	In December 1969 the 49th Army Division 29th Army Division became.	In December 1969, 49th Army Division didn't become 29th Army Division.	In December 1969, the 49th Army Division didn't become the 29th Army Division.
5019	这需要根据时间持续监控实际分压，而且为了获取最大效果，需通过潜水员的减压计算机进行实时计算机处理。	This requires continuous monitoring of actual partial pressures with time and for maximum effectiveness requires real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer.	This requires continuous monitoring of the actual partial pressure over time and, for maximum effect, real-time computer processing via the diver's decompression computer.	This requires continuous monitoring of the actual partial pressures over time and requires real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer for the maximum effectiveness.	This doesn't require continuous monitoring of actual partial pressures with time and for maximum effectiveness requires real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer.	This doesn't require continuous monitoring of the actual partial pressure over time and, for maximum effect, real-time computer processing via the diver's decompression computer.
5539	9 月 17 日，阿雷奥拉将在加利福尼亚州洛杉矶斯台普斯中心于胡安·桑多瓦尔对战索尔·阿尔瓦雷斯的赛前小赛中对战阿尔弗雷多·戈麦斯。	On September 17, Arreola will perform at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, against Alfonso Gomez at the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Areola will face Alfredo Gomez in Juan Sandoval's pregame tie against Sol Alvarez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.	On September 17, Arreola will face Alfonso Gomez on the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.	On September 17, Arreola won't perform at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, against Alfonso Gomez at the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Areola won't face Alfredo Gomez in Juan Sandoval's pregame tie against Sol Alvarez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
2247	同样值得注意的是，以下代码可在缺乏 ADL 时运行（任何情况下均适用）。	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied to it anyway).	It's also worth noting that the following code works in the absence of ADL (in any case).	It's also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is applied to it anyway).	It is not also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied to it anyway).	It's not also worth noting that the following code works in the absence of ADL (in any case).
1466	BBC 新闻学院作为一项网络学习系列开办于 2005 年 6 月，凯文·马什时任执行主编，学院首任主任为温·雷。	The BBC College of Journalism was opened in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor, the first director of which was Vin Ray.	The BBC School of Journalism was launched in June 2005 as an e-learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor and Wyn Ray as its first Director.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was not opened in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor, the first director of which was Vin Ray.	The BBC School of Journalism was not launched in June 2005 as an e-learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor and Wyn Ray as its first Director.
5314	在电子和数字视频技术出现前，色情电影的大批量制作与主流电影业直接关联。	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Before the advent of electronic and digital video technology, mass production of pornographic films was directly linked to the mainstream film industry.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was directly tied to the main film industry.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was not tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Before the advent of electronic and digital video technology, mass production of pornographic films was directly not linked to the mainstream film industry.
1320	2017 年 8 月，阿卢里·查克拉帕尼也加入该团队，扮演制片人普拉喀什·拉吉一角。	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj as well.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team, playing the role of producer Prakash Raj.	Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team in August 2017, to allegedly play the role of producer Prakash Raj.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also didn't join the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj as well.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also didn't join the team, playing the role of producer Prakash Raj.
6943	巨人队以 21 比 27 的比分输给芝加哥熊队，并且是自 1976 年以来第一次打出 0 比 6 的比分。	The Giants fell on the Chicago Bears 27 -- 21 and were for the first time since 1976 with 0 - 6.	The Giants lost to the Chicago Bears 21-27 and went 0-6 for the first time since 1976.	The Giants fell to the Chicago Bears 27 -- 21, and were 0 -- 6 for the first time since 1976.	The Giants didn't fall on the Chicago Bears 27 -- 21 and were for the first time since 1976 with 0 - 6.	The Giants didn't lose to the Chicago Bears 21-27 and went 0-6 for the first time since 1976.
2524	朗出生于以色列，年轻时移居澳大利亚，并于 1961 年起定居此处。	Long was born in Israel, migrated as a young man to Australia and settled there in 1961.	Born in Israel, Lang moved to Australia at a young age, where he has settled since 1961.	Born in Israel, Lang migrated to Australia as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Long was not born in Israel, migrated as a young man to Australia and settled there in 1961.	Born in Israel, Lang didn't move to Australia at a young age, where he has settled since 1961.
5574	它为墨尔本东南部的伊迪斯韦尔郊区服务，并在 1919 年 9 月 20 日开放。	It serves the south-eastern Edithvale suburb of Melbourne opening on September 20, 1919.	It served the suburb of Edithville, southeast of Melbourne, and opened on 20 September 1919.	It serves the south-eastern Edithvale suburb of Melbourne opening on 20 September 1919.	It doesn't serve the south-eastern Edithvale suburb of Melbourne opening on September 20, 1919.	It didn't serve the suburb of Edithville, southeast of Melbourne, and opened on 20 September 1919.
5331	他的父亲在他年轻时去世了，他的母亲凯瑟琳·A·法根于 1842 年与两年后成为了阿肯色州州长的塞缪尔·亚当斯结为了夫妻。	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died when he was young, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams, who two years later became governor of Arkansas, in 1842.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who two years later became the governor of Arkansas.	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 didn't marry Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father didn't die when he was young, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams, who two years later became governor of Arkansas, in 1842.
2134	前拉斯维加斯表演女郎玛格丽特·惠顿（瑞秋·菲尔普斯）继承了已故丈夫唐纳德留下的克利夫兰印第安人棒球队。	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Wheaton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her late husband Donald.	The former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) doesn't inherit the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Wheaton (Rachel Phelps) doesn't inherit the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her late husband Donald.
6849	其中星号表示代数对偶群。而且当“G”有限时，会出现非自然同构	where the star denotes the algebraic dual group. Moreover when ``G ''is finite, there is an unnatural isomorphism	where the asterisk denotes the algebraic dual group. And when "G" is finite, there will be unnatural isomorphisms	Where the star calls the algebraic dual group, there is an unnatural isomorphism when ``G ''is finite.	where the star doesn't denote the algebraic dual group. Moreover when ``G ''is finite, there is an unnatural isomorphism	where the asterisk doesn't denote the algebraic dual group. And when "G" is finite, there will be unnatural isomorphisms
1256	然而，迈克尔·杰克逊、普林斯和麦当娜都对这张专辑产生了影响。	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna all had influences on the album.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were, however, influences on the album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were not , however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna all didn't have influences on the album.
3406	有一个 Cornelius Grinnell 湾近海岛屿，位于巴芬岛上。	There is a Cornelius Grinnell bay offshore island, located in Baffin Island.	There is an offshore island in Cornelius Grinnell Bay, on Baffin Island.	It is a Cornelius Grinnell Bay offshore island located in Baffin Island.	There is not a Cornelius Grinnell bay offshore island, located in Baffin Island.	There is not an offshore island in Cornelius Grinnell Bay, on Baffin Island.
748	Oaklyn 位于第六国会选区，也是新泽西州第一州立法选区的组成部分。	Oaklyn is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of the 1st State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Oaklyn is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 1st State Legislative District.	Oaklyn is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 1st state legislative district.	Oaklyn is not located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of the 1st State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Oaklyn is not located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 1st State Legislative District.
5750	它被发现于北美洲，据记载其在此地从纽芬兰和拉布拉多向西延伸至不列颠哥伦比亚，向北延伸至阿拉斯加州和育空。	It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Newfoundland and Labrador west to British Columbia, north to Alaska and the Yukon.	It is found in North America, where it has been recorded extending westward from Newfoundland and Labrador to British Columbia and northward to Alaska and Yukon.	It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Newfoundland and Labrador to the west to British Columbia, north to Alaska and the Yukon.	It is not found in North America, where it has been recorded from Newfoundland and Labrador west to British Columbia, north to Alaska and the Yukon.	It is not found in North America, where it has been recorded extending westward from Newfoundland and Labrador to British Columbia and northward to Alaska and Yukon.
2785	在服役后，洛克哈特住在佛罗里达州，但是最近搬到了德克萨斯州。	After his service Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After serving, Lockhart lived in Florida, but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart lived in Florida, but moved recently to Texas.	After his service Lockhart didn't live in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After serving, Lockhart didn't live in Florida, but recently moved to Texas.
6932	田野绿植和根类植物一般不栽培，并且在野生状态下随季节生长。	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field greens and root plants are generally not cultivated and grow seasonally in the wild.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field greens and root plants were generally cultivated and grew seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field greens and root plants are generally cultivated and grow seasonally in the wild.
6263	阿曼多·圣地亚哥（1932 年 6 月 18 日出生）是一位加拿大作曲家、指挥家、音乐教育家及葡萄牙裔大学管理人员。	Armando Santiago (born 18 June 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator, and university administrator of Portuguese birth.	Armando Santiago (born June 18, 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator and Portuguese university administrator.	Armando Santiago (born June 18, 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator and university administrator of Portuguese descent.	Armando Santiago (born 18 June 1932) is not a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator, and university administrator of Portuguese birth.	Armando Santiago (born June 18, 1932) is not a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator and Portuguese university administrator.
4498	马特·维兰德以 6 -- 4、3 -- 6、7 - 5 的比分击败安德斯·杰里德。	Mats Wilander defeats Anders Järryd, 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 7 - 5.	Matt Verlander beat Anders Jared 6-4, 3-6, 7-5.	Mats Wilander defeats Anders Järryd, 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 7 -- 5.	Mats Wilander doesn't defeat Anders Järryd, 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 7 - 5.	Matt Verlander didn't beat Anders Jared 6-4, 3-6, 7-5.
6246	有效介质的特征是具有简单吸收截面，放射频率达到公式 2 和公式 3。	The effective medium can be characterized by simple cross-sections of absorption and emission at frequencies of Formula 2 and Formula 3.	The effective medium is characterized by a simple absorption cross-section with radiation frequencies up to Equation 2 and Equation 3.	The effective medium can be characterized with simple cross-sections of absorption and emission at frequencies formula _ 2 and formula _ 3.	The effective medium can't be characterized by simple cross-sections of absorption and emission at frequencies of Formula 2 and Formula 3.	The effective medium is not characterized by a simple absorption cross-section with radiation frequencies up to Equation 2 and Equation 3.
5036	学生在佩顿区由佩顿第 23JT 学区提供服务，在科罗拉多斯普林斯和福尔肯的周边地区由福尔肯第 49 学区提供服务。	Students are served by Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and by Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and nearby areas of Falcon.	Students are served by the Peyton 23JT School District in the Peyton District and by the Falcon 49th School District in Colorado Springs and the surrounding areas of Falcon.	The students are served by the Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and the Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and the nearby areas of Falcon.	Students are not served by Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and by Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and nearby areas of Falcon.	Students are not served by the Peyton 23JT School District in the Peyton District and by the Falcon 49th School District in Colorado Springs and the surrounding areas of Falcon.
7034	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada（也称为 Sher Mohammed Akhundzada）是一名部落领袖，曾在 2001 至 2005 年间担任阿富汗赫尔曼德的省长。	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand, Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who was the Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand, Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.
5557	马莱特娶了玛丽·阿尔德沃斯，一直到 1664 年，她是伯克郡雷特康比·瑞吉斯的约翰·阿尔德沃斯的遗孀和法菲尔德伯克郡的托马斯·怀特的女儿。	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Mallett was married to Mary Alderworth, who until 1664 was the widow of John Alderworth of Combe Regis, Leitcombe, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fairfield Berkshire .	Malet married Mary Aldworth, the widow of John Aldworth by Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire until 1664.	Malet didn't marry Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Mallett was not married to Mary Alderworth, who until 1664 was the widow of John Alderworth of Combe Regis, Leitcombe, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fairfield Berkshire .
417	节目安排以独立音乐和另类音乐为主。	The line-up is mainly focused on indie music and alternative music.	The program arrangement is dominated by independent music and alternative music.	The cast is focused mainly on alternative music and indie music.	The line-up is mainly not focused on indie music and alternative music.	The program arrangement is not dominated by independent music and alternative music.
7349	1862 年，歌舞杂耍表演首次从伦敦传入巴黎，并变得非常流行，其中有舞者、歌手、杂技演员和经魔术师训练的动物。	The music hall hall was first imported to Paris from London in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	The vaudeville show, first introduced to Paris from London in 1862, became very popular, featuring dancers, singers, acrobats, and magician-trained animals.	The music hall was first imported from London to Paris in 1862 and became enormously popular with dancers, singers, acrobats and wizards trained animals.	The music hall hall was first not imported to Paris from London in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	The vaudeville show, first introduced to Paris from London in 1862, didn't become very popular, featuring dancers, singers, acrobats, and magician-trained animals.
7192	海因茨·科胡特将正常的自体视为对浮夸的童年阶段的痴迷，而其他后弗洛伊德主义的支持者探索了痴迷在攻击和犯罪行为中发挥的作用。	Heinz Kohut saw the normal self as a fixation on a grandiose childhood phase, while other post-Freudians explored the role of fixation in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut sees the normal self as an obsession with grandiose childhood, while other proponents of post-Freudianism have explored the role obsession plays in aggressive and criminal behavior.	Heinz Kohut saw the normal self as a fixation upon a grandiose childhood stage, while other post-Freudians explored the role of fixation in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut didn't see the normal self as a fixation on a grandiose childhood phase, while other post-Freudians explored the role of fixation in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut doesn't see the normal self as an obsession with grandiose childhood, while other proponents of post-Freudianism have explored the role obsession plays in aggressive and criminal behavior.
766	达科他城属于 IA -- NE -- SD 大都市统计区苏城。	Dakota City is part of the Sioux City, IA -- NE -- SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.	Dakota City is part of the IA -- NE -- SD metropolitan statistical area Sioux City.	Dakota City is part of the Metropolitan Statistical Area of Sioux City, IA - NE, SD.	Dakota City is not part of the Sioux City, IA -- NE -- SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.	Dakota City is not part of the IA -- NE -- SD metropolitan statistical area Sioux City.
6147	在迪米特里加·德米特的推荐下，斯特罗齐在治疗后开始上约瑟普·佛罗伊登赖希的私人表演课程。	After medical treatment, Strozzi started taking private acting lessons from Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	At the recommendation of Dimitriga Demeter, Strozzi started taking private acting lessons with Joseph Freudenreich after his treatment.	After medical treatment, Strozzi started private acting lessons with Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	After medical treatment, Strozzi didn't start taking private acting lessons from Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	At the recommendation of Dimitriga Demeter, Strozzi didn't start taking private acting lessons with Joseph Freudenreich after his treatment.
747	尽管它对天使无用，但对其他超自然生物是否有效目前尚不清楚。	It is unknown whether it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against angels.	While it's useless against angels, it's unclear if it works against other supernatural beings.	It is unknown if it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against angels.	It is not unknown whether it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against angels.	While it's useless against angels, it's not unclear if it works against other supernatural beings.
324	看完阿米尔·汗的剧本后，梅赫拉当即同意参演“芭萨提的颜色”。	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra agreed to play in ``Rang De Basanti ''.	After reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra immediately agreed to appear in "The Colors of Bassati."	Mehra agreed to act in ``Rang De Basanti ''immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script.	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra didn't agree to play in ``Rang De Basanti ''.	After reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra immediately didn't agree to appear in "The Colors of Bassati."
3708	应此乐队早期成员艾伦·威尔金森的要求，经常创作的知名歌曲包括“哈特尔普的猴子”。	Known and often written songs include ``The Hartlepool Monkey '', requested by Alan Wilkinson, an early member of the band.	At the request of the band's early member Alan Wilkinson, well-known songs often include "Hartlep's Monkeys".	Well known, and often written songs include ``The Hartlepool Monkey ''requested by Alan Wilkinson, an early member of the band.	Known and often written songs don't include ``The Hartlepool Monkey '', requested by Alan Wilkinson, an early member of the band.	At the request of the band's early member Alan Wilkinson, well-known songs often don't include "Hartlep's Monkeys".
3481	斯劳中学是一所位于伯克郡（现在为白金汉郡斯劳）的女子精英学校。	Slough High School was a selective girls' school in Berkshire, now Slough, Buckinghamshire.	Slough Secondary School is a selective girls' school in Berkshire (now Slough, Buckinghamshire).	Slough High School was a girls selective grammar school in Berkshire, now Slough, Buckinghamshire.	Slough High School was not a selective girls' school in Berkshire, now Slough, Buckinghamshire.	Slough Secondary School is not a selective girls' school in Berkshire (now Slough, Buckinghamshire).
4727	1914 年托多罗夫先生在科尼岛设立了餐厅，并设计了他的杰克逊科尼岛辣椒酱食谱。	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the restaurant Coney Island and created his Jackson Coney Island Chili sauce recipe.	In 1914 Mr. Todorov set up a restaurant on Coney Island and designed his Jackson Coney Island Chili Sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created his Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff doesn't founder the restaurant Coney Island and created his Jackson Coney Island Chili sauce recipe.	In 1914 Mr. Todorov didn't set up a restaurant on Coney Island and designed his Jackson Coney Island Chili Sauce recipe.
1946	尼科尔斯坐落于马斯卡廷郡 15 区的 ( 41.479113 , -91.308291) ，地处爱荷华州派克小镇的西部边缘地带。	Nichols is located (41.479113, -91.308291) in Section 15 of Muscatine County, at the western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	Nichols is located in Muscatine County's 15th District (41.479113, -91.308291) on the western edge of the small town of Pike, Iowa.	Nichols is located at (41.479113, -91.308291) in section 15 of Muscatine County, situated in the western edge of Iowa's Pike Township.	Nichols is not located (41.479113, -91.308291) in Section 15 of Muscatine County, at the western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	Nichols is not located in Muscatine County's 15th District (41.479113, -91.308291) on the western edge of the small town of Pike, Iowa.
4780	继 1972 年重新分配后，它被废除，并取代了所建立的图文巴东。	It was abolished with the redistribution of 1972 and replaced the Toowoomba East created.	Following its redistribution in 1972, it was abolished and replaced the established Toowoomba Dong.	It was abolished with the 1972 redistribution, and replaced the created Toowoomba East.	It was not abolished with the redistribution of 1972 and replaced the Toowoomba East created.	Following its redistribution in 1972, it was not abolished and replaced the established Toowoomba Dong.
3000	宿雾市包括宿雾岛、中米沙鄢和内格罗斯岛东半部，地区中心为锡基霍尔和保和。	Cebu City includes the islands Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional center is Siquijor and Bohol.	Cebu City includes Cebu Island, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros Island, with Siquijor and Bohol as regional centers.	Cebu City includes the islands of Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros. The regional center is Siquijor and Bohol. Its provinces are:	Cebu City includes the islands Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional center is not Siquijor and Bohol.	Cebu City doesn't include Cebu Island, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros Island, with Siquijor and Bohol as regional centers.
5722	33d 战斗团在不活跃时，与 33d 战术团整合为 33d 战术战斗团。	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated as 33d Tactical Fighter Group with the 33d Tactical Group.	When inactive, the 33d Combat Regiment is integrated with the 33d Tactical Combat Regiment to form the 33d Tactical Combat Regiment.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated with the 33d Tactical Group as the 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was not consolidated as 33d Tactical Fighter Group with the 33d Tactical Group.	When inactive, the 33d Combat Regiment is not integrated with the 33d Tactical Combat Regiment to form the 33d Tactical Combat Regiment.
5793	超级巨星杰克·史洛夫的司机阿洛克·南斯无法完成他的工作，因此被他的儿子迪派克（拉胡尔·罗伊）取代。	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jack Shroff's driver, Alok Nance, can't do his job and is replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Alok Nath, the driver of superstar Jackie Shroff, was not able to do his job so that he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jack Shroff's driver, Alok Nance, can do his job and is replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).
4477	副编辑是赫伯特·韦塞尔斯（自 2009 年起），总编辑是马库斯·埃尔默特（自 2002 年起）。	Second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), Chief Editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	The Deputy Editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009) and the Editor-in-Chief is Marcus Elmert (since 2002).	The second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), chief editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	Second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), Chief Editor is not Markus Ermert (since 2002).	The Deputy Editor is not Herbert Wessels (since 2009) and the Editor-in-Chief is Marcus Elmert (since 2002).
345	同样值得注意的是，以下代码在无 ADL 的情况下仍会起作用（无论如何均对其适用）。	It's also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is applied to it anyway).	It's also worth noting that the following code will still work without ADL (it works for it anyway).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied anyway to it).	It's not also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is applied to it anyway).	It's not also worth noting that the following code will still work without ADL (it works for it anyway).
2316	Cook Pond 之前也称为 Laurel 湖，位于汤顿河东南方，South Watuppa Pond 以西。	Cook Pond, also formerly known as Laurel Lake, is located south east of the Taunton River and west of the South Watuppa Pond.	Cook Pond, formerly known as Lake Laurel, is located southeast of the Taunton River and west of South Watuppa Pond.	In the south end, Cook Pond, also formerly known as Laurel Lake, is located east of the Taunton River and west of the South Watuppa Pond.	Cook Pond, also formerly known as Laurel Lake, is not located south east of the Taunton River and west of the South Watuppa Pond.	Cook Pond, formerly known as Lake Laurel, is not located southeast of the Taunton River and west of South Watuppa Pond.
7769	调节鹿群数量的另一条途径是控制出生率。	Another way to regulate the population of deer is to control the birth rate.	Another way to regulate deer populations is to control birth rates.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is to control the fertility rate.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is not to control the birth rate.	Another way to regulate deer populations is not to control birth rates.
7698	于尔根·梅尔泽在决赛中以 6 : 4 、6 : 3 的成绩战胜了米哈乌·柏兹西兹尼赢得了冠军。	Jürgen Melzer won the title after defeating Michał Przysiężny in the final with 6: 4, 6: 3.	Jürgen Melzer won the title with a 6:4, 6:3 victory over Mikhail Berzsizny in the final.	Jürgen Melzer won the title after defeating Michał Przysiężny 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3 in the final.	Jürgen Melzer didn't win the title after defeating Michał Przysiężny in the final with 6: 4, 6: 3.	Jürgen Melzer didn't win the title with a 6:4, 6:3 victory over Mikhail Berzsizny in the final.
1021	它被发现于印度尼西亚的萨拉瓦蒂岛和印度尼西亚巴布亚省的鸟警察半岛。	It is found in Indonesia on the island Salawati and on the bird cop peninsula in the province of Papua, Indonesia.	It is found on Sarawati Island in Indonesia and Bird Police Peninsula in Papua Province, Indonesia.	It is found in Indonesia on the island of Salawati and on the Vogelkop Peninsula in Papua Province, Indonesia.	It is not found in Indonesia on the island Salawati and on the bird cop peninsula in the province of Papua, Indonesia.	It is not found on Sarawati Island in Indonesia and Bird Police Peninsula in Papua Province, Indonesia.
3415	根据美国人口调查局的数据，南港的总面积为，其中陆地面积占，即，0.91% 的地区是水域。	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, South Harbor's total area is , of which 0.91% is land area, that is, water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of which land is and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, South Harbor's total area is not , of which 0.91% is land area, that is, water.
5653	谢尔·艾哈迈德·阿洪扎达（也被称为谢尔·穆罕默德·阿洪扎达）是一位部落首领，曾于 2001 至 2005 年间担任阿富汗赫尔曼德省省长。	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohamed Akhundzada) is a tribal chief who served as Governor of Helmand Province, Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is not a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohamed Akhundzada) is not a tribal chief who served as Governor of Helmand Province, Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.
3581	伊瑟林 1971 年 1 月 5 日在马萨诸塞州法尔茅斯逝世。他的葬礼在马萨诸塞州葡萄园港的玛莎葡萄园岛举行。	Iselin died on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral was held on Martha's Vineyard in Vineyard Harbor, Massachusetts.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin didn't die on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin didn't die on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral was held on Martha's Vineyard in Vineyard Harbor, Massachusetts.
5066	1791 年 7 月 29 日，莎拉与莱亚·托马斯·莱特·希尔（1765 -- 1842 年）在伯明翰圣马丁教堂结婚，他们生育了 8 个孩子。	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765-1842) at St. Martin's Church, Birmingham, and they had eight children.	Sarah Lea married Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) on 29 July, 1791, at St Martin's Church, Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah didn't marry Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah didn't marry Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765-1842) at St. Martin's Church, Birmingham, and they had eight children.
6540	她受到理查德·吉布森和宫廷画家彼得·莱利的称赞，被认为像琼·卡莱尔一样成功。	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, she is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	She was praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Riley and was considered as successful as Joan Carlisle.	She is praised by Richard Gibson and the court painter Peter Lely and is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, she is not considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	She was not praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Riley and was considered as successful as Joan Carlisle.
1316	私立克莱本学院位于克莱本教区，不在海恩斯维尔附近。	The private Claiborne Academy is located in Claiborne Parish, not near Haynesville.	The private Claiborne College is located in the Diocese of Claiborne, not near Haynesville.	The private Claiborne Academy is located in unincorporated Claiborne Parish, near Haynesville.	The private Claiborne Academy is located in Claiborne Parish, near Haynesville.	The private Claiborne College is located in the Diocese of Claiborne, near Haynesville.
7023	蒂姆·蒂姆的弟弟陶德·莱韦克自 2015 年起担任国家橄榄球联盟的首席运营官。	The younger brother of Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, is currently Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim's younger brother, Todd Leveke, has been the NFL's chief operating officer since 2015.	Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, is currently the chief operating officer of the National Football League since 2015.	The younger brother of Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, is not currently Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim's younger brother, Todd Leveke, has not been the NFL's chief operating officer since 2015.
3985	作为当前调查的一部分，警察还与歌手梨美·托米和演员卡薇雅·马德哈万进行面谈，两人均为西迪基及其妻子迪利普的密友。	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part of the ongoing investigation, police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomi and actress Kaviya Madhawan, both close friends of Siddiqui and his wife Dilip.	The police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also didn't interview singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part of the ongoing investigation, police also didn't interview singer Rimi Tomi and actress Kaviya Madhawan, both close friends of Siddiqui and his wife Dilip.
2922	TMăgheruş 河是罗马尼亚 Giuroc 河的一条支流。	The Măgheruş River is a tributary of the River Giuroc in Romania.	The TMăgheruş River is a tributary of the Giuroc River in Romania.	The Măgheruş River is a tributary of the Giuroc River in Romania.	The Măgheruş River is not a tributary of the River Giuroc in Romania.	The TMăgheruş River is not a tributary of the Giuroc River in Romania.
3436	这是即将于中央商务区建造的三家一流酒店中的第三家。	This was the third of three first-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	This is the third of three first-class hotels to be built in the CBD.	This was the third of three first-class hotels built in the central business district.	This was not the third of three first-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	This is not the third of three first-class hotels to be built in the CBD.
4808	Ashte 是印度马哈拉施特拉邦帕尔加尔区的一座村庄。其位于达哈努乡。	Ashte is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India It is located in Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte is a village in the Pargar district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in Dahanu Township.	Ashte is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dahanu taluka.	Ashte is not a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India It is located in Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte is not a village in the Pargar district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in Dahanu Township.
1610	落矶山冷杉通常称为亚高山冷杉或落基山冷杉，是北美西部的一种枞树。	Abies lasiocarpa, commonly called the subalpine fir or Rocky Mountain fir, is a western North American fir tree.	Rocky Mountain fir, commonly known as subalpine fir or Rocky Mountain fir, is a type of fir tree native to western North America.	Abies lasiocarpa, generally called the subalpine fir or Rocky mountain fir tree, is a western North American fir.	Abies lasiocarpa, commonly called the subalpine fir or Rocky Mountain fir, is not a western North American fir tree.	Rocky Mountain fir, commonly known as subalpine fir or Rocky Mountain fir, is not a type of fir tree native to western North America.
6	凯西和她的丈夫皮特·比尔（彼得·迪恩）经济状况稳定。	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are stable financially.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beer (Peter Dean) are financially stable.	Kathy and her husband Peter Dean (Pete Beale) are financially stable.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are not stable financially.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beer (Peter Dean) are not financially stable.
7072	1991 年以前，这里是特哈玛县唯一的舞台，1993 年以前一直用作唯一一家公共戏院。	It was the only stage in Tehama County until 1991, and provided the only public cinema until 1993.	Until 1991, it was the only stage in Tehama County, and until 1993 it was the only public theater.	Until 1991, it was the only stage in Tehama County and until 1993 it offered the only public cinema.	It was not the only stage in Tehama County until 1991, and provided the only public cinema until 1993.	Until 1991, it was not the only stage in Tehama County, and until 1993 it was the only public theater.
2217	休·L·斯科特亲自挑选中尉卡朋特来组织和指挥第 7 骑兵团的 L 军队（由基奥瓦族、卡曼其族和阿帕奇族组成）。	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Lieutenant Carpenter was hand-picked by Hugh L. Scott to organize and command the 7th Cavalry's L Army (composed of Kiowa, Kamanchi, and Apache).	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (consisting of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache - Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott hadn't handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Lieutenant Carpenter was hand- not picked by Hugh L. Scott to organize and command the 7th Cavalry's L Army (composed of Kiowa, Kamanchi, and Apache).
5765	他们多少取得成功，在墨尔本、基隆和谢伯顿举行现场演出。	They achieved some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They were somewhat successful, with live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They achieved some success by playing live shows in Shepparton, Geelong and Melbourne.	They didn't achieve some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They were not somewhat successful, with live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.
5940	作为这所法国学校的小作曲家，他以指挥家的身份为印象派教会音乐作出了杰出贡献。	As a small composer in the French school, he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	As a minor composer at the French school, he made an outstanding contribution to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	A minor composer in the French school, as a conductor he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music.	As a small composer in the French school, he didn't make outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	As a minor composer at the French school, he didn't make an outstanding contribution to Impressionist church music as a conductor.
4434	它在美国（缅因州、俄勒冈州、加利福利亚州）和不列颠哥伦比亚（加拿大）都很出名。	It is well known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is famous in the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is not well known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is not famous in the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).
6937	对于固定可测函数公式 18，公式 19 是中间变量，并且带有随机公式 20 和方差公式 21。	For a fixed measurable function formula 18, Formula 19 is a medium variable with random formula 20 and variance formula 21.	For the fixed measurable function Equation 18, Equation 19 is the intermediate variable with random Equation 20 and Variance Equation 21.	For a fixed measurable function formula _ 18, formula _ 19 is a mean variable with random formula _ 20 and variance formula _ 21.	For a fixed measurable function formula 18, Formula 19 is not a medium variable with random formula 20 and variance formula 21.	For the fixed measurable function Equation 18, Equation 19 is not the intermediate variable with random Equation 20 and Variance Equation 21.
6613	量子引力理论有一个备受期待的特点，即，它不会出现奇点或事件视界，因此黑洞也并不真实存在。	A much anticipated feature of a theory of quantum gravity is that it will not feature singularities or event horizons and thus black holes would not be real artifacts.	A much-anticipated feature of the quantum theory of gravity is that it doesn't have singularities or event horizons, so black holes don't really exist.	A much anticipated feature of a theory of quantum gravity is that it will have no singularities or event horizons, and thus black holes would not be real artifacts.	A much anticipated feature of a theory of quantum gravity is that it will feature singularities or event horizons and thus black holes would not be real artifacts.	A much-anticipated feature of the quantum theory of gravity is that it has singularities or event horizons, so black holes don't really exist.
5264	马都卡拉是巴基斯坦旁遮普省杰赫勒姆县的一个乡和联合委员会。隶属杰赫勒姆地区。	Madu Kalas is a village and union council of Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum District.	Madukhara is a commune and joint committee in Jhelum district, Punjab province, Pakistan. It belongs to Jhelum area.	Madu Kalas is a village and union council of Jhelum Tehsil in Pakistan's Punjab province and is part of the Jhelum district.	Madu Kalas is not a village and union council of Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum District.	Madukhara is not a commune and joint committee in Jhelum district, Punjab province, Pakistan. It belongs to Jhelum area.
3489	菲纳莱是南非林波波省莫帕尼市的一个城镇。	Finale is a city in the Mopani District Municipality in the province of Limpopo, South Africa.	Finale is a town in Mopani, Limpopo Province, South Africa.	Finale is a town in Mopani District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Finale is not a city in the Mopani District Municipality in the province of Limpopo, South Africa.	Finale is not a town in Mopani, Limpopo Province, South Africa.
2582	比利·金·科尼希以 6 - 2 和 6 - 1 击败罗莎琳·费尔班克	Billie Jean König defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billy King Koenig beat Rosalyn Fairbank 6-2, 6-1	Billie Jean King defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Jean König didn't defeat Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billy King Koenig didn't beat Rosalyn Fairbank 6-2, 6-1
7664	2012 年 1 月 1 日，该地区的人口是 62,500，其中 9.6% 为城市居民，90.4% 为农村人口。	On 1 January 2012, the district population was 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban dwellers and 90.4% rural population.	On January 1, 2012, the population of the area was 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban and 90.4% rural.	1 January 2012 the district population was 62,500 of which 9.6% urban and 90.4% rural population.	On 1 January 2012, the district population was not 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban dwellers and 90.4% rural population.	On January 1, 2012, the population of the area was not 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban and 90.4% rural.
6125	阿尔法罗是第三位被判处在毒气室接受死刑的妇女，而在判决她时，她是加利福尼亚州的第一位死囚妇女。	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber and, at the time of her sentencing, she was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman to be sentenced to death in a gas chamber, and at the time of her sentence, she was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber, and at the time of sentencing, was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was not the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber and, at the time of her sentencing, she was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was not the third woman to be sentenced to death in a gas chamber, and at the time of her sentence, she was the first woman on death row in California.
7093	墨尔本的阿尔伯特公园湖举办了一场姊妹活动，由 Fox FM（澳大利亚墨尔本）赞助。	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	Albert Park Lake in Melbourne hosted a sister event sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	One sister event was held at the Albert Park Lake in Melbourne, Australia and sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne).	A sister event was not held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	Albert Park Lake in Melbourne didn't host a sister event sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).
375	8 月 9 日，洛依德以 51.1 % 的投票率当选。安迪·伯纳姆以 29.1 % 位居第二。	On 9 August Lloyd was selected with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	Lloyd was elected on August 9 with 51.1 percent of the vote. Andy Burnham came in second with 29.1 percent.	Lloyd was elected on 9 August with 51.1% of the vote, Andy Burnham second with 29.1%.	On 9 August Lloyd was not selected with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	Lloyd was not elected on August 9 with 51.1 percent of the vote. Andy Burnham came in second with 29.1 percent.
2248	马其顿、肯尼亚、阿塞拜疆、乌拉圭和委内瑞拉等国家第一次参加冬季奥林匹克运动会。	The nations Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Winter Olympic Games.	Countries such as Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in the Winter Olympics for the first time.	The nations of Azerbaijan, Kenya, Macedonia, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Olympic Winter Games.	The nations Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela didn't participate in their first Winter Olympic Games.	Countries such as Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela didn't participate in the Winter Olympics for the first time.
939	Audubon 委员会的形成源于 Shawnee Trails 委员会和 Four Rivers 委员会的合并。	Audubon Council was formed from the merger of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	The Audubon Committee was formed from the merger of the Shawnee Trails Committee and the Four Rivers Committee.	Audubon Council was formed from the association of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	Audubon Council was not formed from the merger of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	The Audubon Committee was not formed from the merger of the Shawnee Trails Committee and the Four Rivers Committee.
7173	“New Ways to Work”基金会成立于 1972 年，是一间由旧金山湾区资助的非营利组织。	The New Ways to Work Foundation was founded in 1972 and is a non-profit organization funded by the San Francisco Bay Area.	Founded in 1972, the New Ways to Work Foundation is a non-profit organization funded by the San Francisco Bay Area.	In 1972, the New Ways to Work Foundation was founded, it is a non-profit organization funded in the San Francisco Bay area.	The New Ways to Work Foundation was not founded in 1972 and is a non-profit organization funded by the San Francisco Bay Area.	Founded in 1972, the New Ways to Work Foundation is not a non-profit organization funded by the San Francisco Bay Area.
6906	普埃布拉洪保德学校成立于 1911 年，成立时有 10 位德国学生和一位小学教师。	The Colegio Humboldt Puebla was established in 1911 with 10 German students and a primary school teacher.	The Humboldt School of Puebla was established in 1911 with 10 German students and a primary school teacher.	The Colegio Humboldt Puebla was first established with 10 German students and a primary teacher in 1911.	The Colegio Humboldt Puebla was not established in 1911 with 10 German students and a primary school teacher.	The Humboldt School of Puebla was not established in 1911 with 10 German students and a primary school teacher.
5597	她出生于不列颠哥伦比亚温哥华，在附近小镇北温哥华长大。	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, and grew up in the nearby town of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring town of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she didn't grow up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	She was not born in Vancouver, British Columbia, and grew up in the nearby town of North Vancouver.
675	2014 年，该站推出 iOS 和安卓应用程序，用于产品搜索，产品功能包括直播视频产品评论，并且提供交互式问答会话。	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features include live video product reviews with interactive question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android apps for product searches, product features including live video product reviews, and interactive Q&A sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search, product features include live - video - product - reviews with interactive questions and answers - sessions.	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features don't include live video product reviews with interactive question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site didn't launch iOS and Android apps for product searches, product features including live video product reviews, and interactive Q&A sessions.
739	典型的秋沙鸭（“Mergus octosetaceus”）是一种属于巴西秋沙鸭属的鸭子。	The typical Merganian (``Mergus octosetaceus '') is a duck in the Brazilian genus Merganser.	The quintessential merganser ("Mergus octosetaceus") is a duck belonging to the Brazilian mergans genus.	The typical merganser (``Mergus octosetaceus '') is a duck in the Brazilian merganser genus.	The typical Merganian (``Mergus octosetaceus '') is not a duck in the Brazilian genus Merganser.	The quintessential merganser ("Mergus octosetaceus") is not a duck belonging to the Brazilian mergans genus.
7866	锡贝伯格说这首歌是他在整张专辑中最喜欢的，因为它很纯粹，很符合他的个人经历。	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Thibbeberg says the song is his favorite on the entire album because it's pure and fits his personal experience.	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so personal and so pure.	Siebenberg didn't describe the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Thibbeberg doesn't say the song is his favorite on the entire album because it's pure and fits his personal experience.
510	肖尼小径委员会由四河委员会和奥杜邦委员会合并而成。	Shawnee Trails Council was formed from the merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council.	The Shawnee Trail Commission was formed from the merger of the Four Rivers Commission and the Audubon Commission.	The merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council formed the Shawnee Trails Council.	Shawnee Trails Council was not formed from the merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council.	The Shawnee Trail Commission was not formed from the merger of the Four Rivers Commission and the Audubon Commission.
899	阿苏萨太平洋大学的阿苏萨校区坐落于圣盖博谷，位于洛杉矶东北部。	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is situated in the San Gabriel Valley, located northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
66	以下是监管综合格斗的各州确定的犯规清单，内华达州体育委员会已作出概述。	The following is a list of fouls established by the states that regulate MMA, as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	Below is a list of fouls identified by states that regulate mixed martial arts, as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	The following is a list of fouls defined by the states that regulate MMA as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	The following is not a list of fouls established by the states that regulate MMA, as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	Below is not a list of fouls identified by states that regulate mixed martial arts, as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.
5571	Rıza Maksut İşman（1915 年出生于伊兹密尔，2004 年 12 月 30 日死于伊斯坦布尔）是一位土耳其运动员。	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 in İzmir -- December 30, 2004, in Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut İşman (born 1915 in Izmir, died in Istanbul on December 30, 2004) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut Isman (1915 in Izmir -- December 30, 2004, Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 in İzmir -- December 30, 2004, in Istanbul) was not a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut İşman (born 1915 in Izmir, died in Istanbul on December 30, 2004) was not a Turkish athlete.
2162	前任秘书包括曾获苏格兰园艺服务员佐勋章的约翰·麦凯、艾利森·缪里森、汤姆·马博特和约翰·麦克伦南博士。	Previous secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBE for Scottish Horticulture services, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Past secretaries include John McKay, Allison Muirison, Tom Mabot and Dr John McLennan, who was awarded the Order of the Scottish Garden Service.	Previous secretaries include John MacKay, who received an MBE for services to Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries were not John MacKay, who received an MBE for Scottish Horticulture services, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Past secretaries don't include John McKay, Allison Muirison, Tom Mabot and Dr John McLennan, who was awarded the Order of the Scottish Garden Service.
6196	科尔内利乌斯·欧拉屯吉·阿德巴约是尼日利亚的前参议员，她成为州长，后来担任尼日利亚联邦交通部部长。	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former Senator of Nigeria, who became a state governor, and later was head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Oratungi Adebayo is a former senator from Nigeria who became a governor and later served as Nigeria's federal minister of transport.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former senator of Nigeria, who was governor and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is not a former Senator of Nigeria, who became a state governor, and later was head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Oratungi Adebayo is not a former senator from Nigeria who became a governor and later served as Nigeria's federal minister of transport.
4258	离开比利时后，他与澳大利亚的布里斯托尔市签订了三年合同，但由于签证问题不得不返回英国。	After leaving Belgium, he signed for three years with Bristol City in Australia, but had to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium, he signed a three-year contract with the Australian city of Bristol, but had to return to the UK due to visa issues.	After leaving Belgium he signed with Bristol City for three years in Australia but had to return to England due to work visa issues.	After leaving Belgium, he didn't sign for three years with Bristol City in Australia, but had to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium, he didn't sign a three-year contract with the Australian city of Bristol, but had to return to the UK due to visa issues.
5736	这点燃了他本打算向迦太基发起的四场战争中的第一场。	This ignited the first of four wars he was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he had intended to wage against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he was to lead against Carthage.	This didn't ignite the first of four wars he was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This didn't ignite the first of four wars he had intended to wage against Carthage.
6542	阿波罗尼亚相当于索佐波尔的现代保加利亚，而塞林布里亚则是马尔马拉海岸的锡利夫里。	Apollonia corresponds to modern Bulgaria, in Sozopol, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia is the modern Bulgarian equivalent of Sozopol, while Selimbria is Silifli on the coast of Marmara.	Apollonia corresponds to modern Bulgaria, Sozopol, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia doesn't correspond to modern Bulgaria, in Sozopol, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia is not the modern Bulgarian equivalent of Sozopol, while Selimbria is Silifli on the coast of Marmara.
6509	约纳斯·比约克曼和法布里斯·桑托罗在决赛中分别以 6-2 和 6-4 战胜马丁·达姆和拉德克·斯泰潘内克。	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the finals.	Jonas Bjorkman and Fabrice Santoro defeated Martin Damm and Radek Stepanek 6-2 and 6-4 respectively in the final.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won in the final 6 - 2, 6 - 4, against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro didn't win 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the finals.	Jonas Bjorkman and Fabrice Santoro didn't defeat Martin Damm and Radek Stepanek 6-2 and 6-4 respectively in the final.
1983	劳埃德成立并带领其公司开始销售玩具和礼品，而且随着礼品业务发展壮大，他扩展了总部位于密苏里州格兰德维尤的 House of Lloyd。	Lloyd founded and led his business to start selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led his company into selling toys and gifts, and as the gift business grew, he expanded the House of Lloyd, headquartered in Grand View, Missouri.	Lloyd founded and led his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the Grandview, Missouri based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.	Lloyd doesn't founder and led his business to start selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd doesn't founder and led his company into selling toys and gifts, and as the gift business grew, he expanded the House of Lloyd, headquartered in Grand View, Missouri.
3911	但是，当新政府改变政治立场后，Cerdà 的计划被拒，而当地政府举办项目竞赛中 Cerdà 也落选了。	However, when the new government changed political sides, Cerdà's plan was rejected and when the local government held a project competition, which Cerdà lost.	However, when the new government changed its political stance, Cerdà's plan was rejected, and Cerdà was rejected in a project competition organized by the local government.	However, when the new government changed political sides, Cerdà's plan was discarded and as the local government held a project competition which Cerdà lost.	However, when the new government changed political sides, Cerdà's plan was not rejected and when the local government held a project competition, which Cerdà lost.	However, when the new government changed its political stance, Cerdà's plan was not rejected, and Cerdà was rejected in a project competition organized by the local government.
2151	梅特提出的从帕丁顿延伸到南肯辛顿，向东从穆尔盖特延伸到陶尔希尔再到南部的建议在 1864 年 7 月 29 日得到采纳并获得皇家批准。	Suggestions from Met to extend from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill to the south were accepted on 29 July 1864 and received the royal approval.	Mette's proposal to extend from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill to the south was adopted and given royal approval on 29 July 1864.	Proposals from the Met to extend south from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill were accepted and received royal assent on 29 July 1864.	Suggestions from Met to extend from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill to the south were not accepted on 29 July 1864 and received the royal approval.	Mette's proposal to extend from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill to the south was not adopted and given royal approval on 29 July 1864.
299	工作室于 2008 年开业，由马丁·皮尔彻设计，由总工程师扎克·汉考克监建。	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Martin Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studio was designed by Martin Pilcher and overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studios were designed by Martin Pilchner and are overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were not designed by Martin Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studio was not designed by Martin Pilcher and overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.
1666	他得知他身上带着 Shinra Banshou，一个包含忍者的世界隐世最强秘术的卷轴。	He learns that his body wears the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that he carries Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most hidden magic in the world of ninjas.	He learns that his body holds the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that bears the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He doesn't learn that his body wears the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He doesn't learn that he carries Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most hidden magic in the world of ninjas.
3192	马尔科姆·弗雷泽在 1975 年 12 月的联邦选举中以压倒性优势击败了惠特拉姆，并因埃格顿对工会运动的服务授予了其骑士爵位。	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 federal election, offered the knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser defeated Whitlam in a landslide in the December 1975 federal election and knighted Egerton for his service to the union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the federal election in December 1975, offered Egerton the knighthood for serving the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 federal election, didn't offer the knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser didn't defeat Whitlam in a landslide in the December 1975 federal election and knighted Egerton for his service to the union movement.
3595	教区教堂建于 1591 年，但随着 18 世纪天主教徒的涌入，形成了一个天主教徒聚集区。	A parish church was established in 1591, however with an influx of Catholics in the 18th century, a Catholic majority was built.	The parish church was built in 1591, but with the influx of Catholics in the 18th century, a Catholic enclave was formed.	A parish church was founded in 1591, but with an influx of Catholics in the 18th century a Catholic majority was established.	A parish church was not established in 1591, however with an influx of Catholics in the 18th century, a Catholic majority was built.	The parish church was not built in 1591, but with the influx of Catholics in the 18th century, a Catholic enclave was formed.
379	小舌挤喉音是一种辅音，在一些口语中使用。在国际音标表中代表这个音的符号是。	The uvular ejective is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is.	The uvula squeezing is a consonant used in some spoken languages. The symbol representing this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is .	The uvular ejective is a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which represents that sound.	The uvular ejective is not a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is.	The uvula squeezing is not a consonant used in some spoken languages. The symbol representing this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is .
6282	Schüptitz 的站点在 2011 年停止使用，在市民抗议后于 2012 年恢复使用。	After the stop in Schüptitz had been discontinued in 2011, it was restored after citizens protests in 2012.	The Schüptitz site was taken out of service in 2011 and reopened in 2012 following a public protest.	After the stop in Schüptitz had been discontinued in 2011, it was restored after civil protests in 2012.	After the stop in Schüptitz had been discontinued in 2011, it was not restored after citizens protests in 2012.	The Schüptitz site was not taken out of service in 2011 and reopened in 2012 following a public protest.
1560	科罗拉多雪崩队 2008-2009 赛季是该职业运动队的第 37 个赛季，也是国家冰球联盟的第 30 个赛季和作为科罗拉多雪崩队的第 14 个赛季。	The 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche season was the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The Colorado Avalanche's 2008-2009 season was the professional sports team's 37th season, the National Hockey League's 30th season, and the Colorado Avalanche's 14th season.	The season 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche was the 37th season of the franchise, 30th at the National Hockey League and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche season was not the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The Colorado Avalanche's 2008-2009 season was not the professional sports team's 37th season, the National Hockey League's 30th season, and the Colorado Avalanche's 14th season.
4694	他于 2010 年 3 月 5 日首次现身，最后一次出现是在 2010 年 5 月 14 日。	He first appeared on 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 May 2010.	He first appeared on March 5, 2010, and last appeared on May 14, 2010.	He appeared on March 5, 2010 and last on May 14, 2010.	He first didn't appear on 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 May 2010.	He first didn't appear on March 5, 2010, and last appeared on May 14, 2010.
6595	该漫画在日本和亚洲针对世嘉 Mega Drive 推出同名电子游戏。	The manga has a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	The manga launches the video game of the same name for Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia.	The manga has a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Asia and Japan with the same name.	The manga doesn't have a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	The manga doesn't launch the video game of the same name for Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia.
1379	运河街在 1790 年开放，该街道于 1870 年左右被命名为牛津运河。	The Canal Street was opened in 1790 and the street was named Oxford Canal around 1870.	Opened in 1790, Canal Street was named Oxford Canal around 1870.	Canal Street was opened in 1790 and the street was named after the 1870 Oxford Canal.	The Canal Street was not opened in 1790 and the street was named Oxford Canal around 1870.	Opened in 1790, Canal Street was not named Oxford Canal around 1870.
2546	1966 年，莱斯利·沃丁顿在伦敦科克街开设自己的画廊，他得到亚历克斯·伯恩斯坦的支持，而亚历克斯·伯恩斯坦是格拉纳达媒体王朝的一员。	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966, Leslie Waddington opened his own gallery on Cork Street, London, with the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty. member.	In 1966, started his own gallery in London's Cork Street, Leslie Waddington had the backing of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington didn't have the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966, Leslie Waddington didn't open his own gallery on Cork Street, London, with the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty. member.
3016	2017 年 7 月，埃尔默·麦柯迪成为内特·迪梅奥主持的“记忆宫殿”的单集主题。	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the theme of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of a single episode of "Memory Palace" hosted by Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was not the theme of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was not the subject of a single episode of "Memory Palace" hosted by Nate DiMeo.
862	在这一季的前几集中，他与尼克、杰里米、麦克雷和霍华德都是“搬家公司”联盟的成员。	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	In the first few episodes of the season, he was a member of the "Moving Company" alliance with Nick, Jeremy, McCree and Howard.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, he was not part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	In the first few episodes of the season, he was not a member of the "Moving Company" alliance with Nick, Jeremy, McCree and Howard.
3776	墨尔本艾伯特公园湖还举办了姐妹活动，赞助商为澳大利亚墨尔本福克斯电台。	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event was also held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne, sponsored by Fox Radio Melbourne, Australia.	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event was not held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event was also not held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne, sponsored by Fox Radio Melbourne, Australia.
6366	他在田纳西州卡特县出生，后来搬到阿肯色州。	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and moved to Arkansas later.	He was not born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	He was not born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.
453	具有 WVGA 级显示分辨率的手机已十分常见 此处是带有原生显示的手机清单。	Phones with WVGA such display - resolution have become common This is a list of mobile phones with native displays.	Phones with WVGA-class display resolutions are quite common Here is a list of phones with native displays.	Mobile phones with WVGA such display resolution have become common. This is a list of phones that have native displays.	Phones with WVGA such display - resolution haven't become common This is a list of mobile phones with native displays.	Phones with WVGA-class display resolutions are not quite common Here is a list of phones with native displays.
1075	“IPA”由 500 个补充符号、300 个基本符号和 200 个新增符号构成。	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 supplementary, 300 basic and 200 additional symbols.	"IPA" consists of 500 supplementary symbols, 300 basic symbols and 200 additional symbols.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 complementary, 300 basic and 200 supplementary symbols.	The ``IPA '' doesn't consist of 500 supplementary, 300 basic and 200 additional symbols.	"IPA" doesn't consist of 500 supplementary symbols, 300 basic symbols and 200 additional symbols.
2661	他死后留下了妻子芭芭拉·克拉奇利（婚前姓）、儿子诺曼·F·博厄斯和唐纳德·P·博厄斯，以及女儿海伦·塔特希尔·西森。	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife Barbara Crutchley (maiden name), sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was not survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was not survived by his wife Barbara Crutchley (maiden name), sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.
4210	第 R205 号公路是一条位于爱尔兰的区域性公路，从利特里姆郡的第 R199 号公路延伸至弗马纳郡的北爱尔兰边境，大部分在卡文郡。	The R205 road is a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Leitrim to the Northern Ireland border at County Fermanagh, mostly in County Cavan.	R205 is a regional road in Ireland, extending from R199 in County Leitrim to the Northern Irish border in County Fermanagh, mostly in County Cavan.	Road R205 is a regional road in Ireland from road R199 in the county of Leitrim to the Northern Ireland border in the county of Fermanagh, mostly in county Cavan.	The R205 road is not a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Leitrim to the Northern Ireland border at County Fermanagh, mostly in County Cavan.	R205 is not a regional road in Ireland, extending from R199 in County Leitrim to the Northern Irish border in County Fermanagh, mostly in County Cavan.
4277	他从西米恩开始计数，并将本杰明包括在内，然后继续从头开始计数。	He began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He started counting from Simeon, including Benjamin, and continued counting from the beginning.	He began to count Simeon, and included Benjamin and continued the count from the beginning.	He didn't begin to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He didn't start counting from Simeon, including Benjamin, and continued counting from the beginning.
1223	乔治城也是乔治城湖和附近城市圆石市的饮用水来源。	Georgetown is also a source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby city of Round Rock.	Georgetown is also a source of drinking water for Georgetown Lake and the nearby city of Round Rock.	Georgetown is also a source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby Round Rock city.	Georgetown is not also a source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby city of Round Rock.	Georgetown is not also a source of drinking water for Georgetown Lake and the nearby city of Round Rock.
1728	他是克拉伦斯·佩吉特勋爵、阿尔弗雷德·佩吉特勋爵以及乔治·佩吉特勋爵同父异母的兄弟。	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He is not the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is not the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
2823	正如乌干达的许多民族社区，比如兰戈族、阿乔利族和阿卢尔族，络族并不将男子割礼仪式作为成年仪式。	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, such as the Lango, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo people do not practise male circumcision as a rite of passage.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of men as initiative.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, such as the Lango, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo people practise male circumcision as a rite of passage.
1267	2009 年，安东尼奥 安东尼奥成为亚洲国际象棋锦标赛的第三位棋手，也是菲律宾史上首位获得 2009 年下半年世界杯参赛资格的棋手。	In 2009, Antonio Antonio became third player in Asia - Continental - Chess - Championship and was the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio became the third player in the Asian Chess Championship and the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup in the second half of 2009.	Antonio finished third in the 2009 Asia Continental Chess Championship and became the first player in the Philippines' history to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio didn't become third player in Asia - Continental - Chess - Championship and was the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio didn't become the third player in the Asian Chess Championship and the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup in the second half of 2009.
1835	现在，这座城堡收藏不断变化的博物馆展品，还存放着一些民族志藏品。	Today, the castle houses changing museum exhibits and accommodates several ethnographic collections.	Now, the castle houses the ever-changing museum exhibits and also houses some ethnographic collections.	Today the castle hosts changing museum exhibits, and houses several ethnographic collections.	Today, the castle houses changing museum exhibits and doesn't accommodate several ethnographic collections.	Now, the castle doesn't house the ever-changing museum exhibits and also houses some ethnographic collections.
3265	会议因许多信使的到来而中断，他们由这座城市里拥有权势或影响力的不同马杜克人派遣，带来为王子所设晚宴的不同邀请函。	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of many messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with various invitations to dinner for the Prince.	The meeting was interrupted by the arrival of many messengers, sent by different Marduks with power or influence in the city, with different invitations to the dinner for the prince.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many invitations for dinner for the Prince.	The meeting is not interrupted by the arrival of many messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with various invitations to dinner for the Prince.	The meeting was not interrupted by the arrival of many messengers, sent by different Marduks with power or influence in the city, with different invitations to the dinner for the prince.
4299	11 月 20 日，当 Fotiou 被“邻居们”在他们的 YouTube 频道上看到的一段幕后视频发布时，人物和演员阵容被曝光。	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The characters and cast were revealed on Nov. 20 when Fotiou was released by a behind-the-scenes video that "neighbors" had seen on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was released on her YouTube channel in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''behind the scenes.	The character and casting was not revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The characters and cast were not revealed on Nov. 20 when Fotiou was released by a behind-the-scenes video that "neighbors" had seen on their YouTube channel.
6300	瑞士先驱者约翰·萨特 (1803-1880) 和其他欧洲裔美国定居者于 1839 年 8 月一起抵达上加利福尼亚州。	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 together with other euro-American settlers.	Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) arrived in Upper California in August 1839 with other European-American settlers.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-American settlers in August 1839.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) didn't arrive in Alta California in August 1839 together with other euro-American settlers.	Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) didn't arrive in Upper California in August 1839 with other European-American settlers.
3066	利镇法院谷仓是位于阿比市裴肖勒镇曲的木支架谷仓，于十四世纪早期建成，用于储藏英格兰伍斯特郡利镇的农产品。	Leigh Court Barn is a cruck framed tithe barn at Pershore Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store produce for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	The Leigh Court Barn is a timber-supported barn in Peisole, Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store produce in the town of Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	Leigh Court Barn is a cruck framed tithe barn at the Pershore Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store products for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	Leigh Court Barn is not a cruck framed tithe barn at Pershore Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store produce for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	The Leigh Court Barn is not a timber-supported barn in Peisole, Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store produce in the town of Leigh, Worcestershire, England.
3438	钱德勒视计算机为学习工具，但是他反对盛行的客观主义，它视数据为信息，视信息为知识。	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler sees computers as learning tools, but he rejects the prevailing objectivism, which sees data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler considered the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information, and information as knowledge.	Chandler didn't regard the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler doesn't see computers as learning tools, but he rejects the prevailing objectivism, which sees data as information and information as knowledge.
7444	耶路撒冷亚美尼亚教长努尔汗•马努吉安表示，亚美尼亚人被视为“三等公民”。	Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, stated that Armenians are treated as ``third-class citizens. ''	Nurhan Manujian, the Armenian imam of Jerusalem, said Armenians are considered "third-class citizens".	The Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, Nourhan Manougian, said that Armenians are being treated as ''third-class citizens.	Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, didn't state that Armenians are treated as ``third-class citizens. ''	Nurhan Manujian, the Armenian imam of Jerusalem, didn't say Armenians are considered "third-class citizens".
6303	第一个 Foreman of Signals 赛马场于 1951 年建成，第 86 和 87 个马场是目前正在使用中的赛马场。	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current race course.	The first Foreman of Signals racetrack was built in 1951, and the 86th and 87th racetracks are currently in use.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the track.	The first Foreman of Signals course was not in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current race course.	The first Foreman of Signals racetrack was not built in 1951, and the 86th and 87th racetracks are currently in use.
4635	与此同时，唐要求弗朗西斯教皇在未来三年内继续担任香港主教。	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain a Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	Meanwhile, Tang asked Pope Francis to remain bishop of Hong Kong for the next three years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong didn't ask Pope Francis to remain a Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	Meanwhile, Tang didn't ask Pope Francis to remain bishop of Hong Kong for the next three years.
6296	她的作品也与苏格兰学校和安妮·S·斯万的热门小说有关。	Her work has also been linked to the Scottish school and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work is also associated with the Scottish School and the popular novel by Anne S. Swan.	Her work has also been linked to the Scottish kailyard school and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work hasn't also been linked to the Scottish school and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work is also not associated with the Scottish School and the popular novel by Anne S. Swan.
3217	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva，也被称为 Duminda Silva 和 R. Dumindha Silva，是斯里兰卡政治家及前国会议员。	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a politician from Sri Lanka and a former Member of Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of Parliament.	Dumuma Silva, also known as Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of the Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is not a politician from Sri Lanka and a former Member of Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is not a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of Parliament.
4483	朱利安·斯图尔特的《爱斯基摩人的季节性变动》提到系统理论的基本原理，而这种原理后来在马瑟·牟斯的作品中反复出现。	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward's ''Seasonal Variation of Eskimo ``, which was later repeated in Marcel Mauss' work.	Julian Stewart's "Seasonal Changes in the Eskimos" refers to the basic principles of systems theory that later recur in the work of Mather Mous.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward ``Seasonal Variation of Eskimo '', echoed later in Marcel Mauss's work.	The rudiments of the system theories can't be seen in Julian Steward's ''Seasonal Variation of Eskimo ``, which was later repeated in Marcel Mauss' work.	Julian Stewart's "Seasonal Changes in the Eskimos" doesn't refer to the basic principles of systems theory that later recur in the work of Mather Mous.
6012	麦迪逊区公立学校区是服务于密歇根州麦迪逊海茨大底特律区南端的学区。	Madison District Public Schools is a school district serving the south end of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	The Madison Area Public Schools District is a school district serving the southern end of the Greater Detroit area of ​​Madison Heights, Michigan.	Madison District Public Schools is a school district to the south of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	Madison District Public Schools is not a school district serving the south end of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	The Madison Area Public Schools District is not a school district serving the southern end of the Greater Detroit area of ​​Madison Heights, Michigan.
5118	2009 年，柯立芝在“作为吉纳维芙·麦克多纳中扮演戏剧角色。	In 2009, Coolidge took on a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge had a dramatic role in "As Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge took a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge didn't take on a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge didn't have a dramatic role in "As Genevieve McDonagh.
6700	在塞尔维亚难民于 1999 年返回之前，阿尔巴尼亚族人离开了这个村庄。	Albanian families left the village before the return of Serbian refugees in 1999.	Ethnic Albanians left the village before Serbian refugees returned in 1999.	Before the return of Serbian refugees in 1999, Albanian families left the town.	Albanian families didn't left the village before the return of Serbian refugees in 1999.	Ethnic Albanians didn't left the village before Serbian refugees returned in 1999.
2895	阿苏萨太平洋大学的阿苏萨校区位于洛杉矶东北部的圣盖博谷。	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, situated northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.
6885	Houston Main Building ( HMB ) ，之前名为慎行大厦，是位于德克萨斯州休斯顿市德克萨斯医疗中心的一栋摩天大楼。	The Houston Main Building (HMB) formerly known as the Prudential Building was a skyscraper at the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas.	The Houston Main Building (HMB), formerly known as the Shenxing Building, is a skyscraper located at the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas.	The Houston Main Building (HMB) formerly the Prudential Building, was a skyscraper in the Texas Medical Center, Houston, Texas.	The Houston Main Building (HMB) formerly known as the Prudential Building was not a skyscraper at the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas.	The Houston Main Building (HMB), formerly known as the Shenxing Building, is not a skyscraper located at the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas.
3668	在与商人巴比什的第二段婚姻中，拉扎里迪斯生下一子瓦西利斯。	From her second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.	In his second marriage to the merchant Babis, Lazaridis gave birth to a son Vasilis.	From the second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.	From her second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis doesn't have a son, Vasilis.	In his second marriage to the merchant Babis, Lazaridis didn't give birth to a son Vasilis.
5882	接下来，耶尔与演员 Jaggu Dada 一起出现在卡纳达语电影《Darshan》中。	Next Iyer appeared in Kannada - movie ``Darshan ''with the actor Jaggu Dada.	Next, Yael appeared in the Kannada-language film Darshan alongside actor Jaggu Dada.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film ``Darshan ''with actor Jaggu Dada.	Next Iyer didn't appear in Kannada - movie ``Darshan ''with the actor Jaggu Dada.	Next, Yael didn't appear in the Kannada-language film Darshan alongside actor Jaggu Dada.
1201	归一化因数使得积分值平方所有空间中的绝对值等于 1。	The normalization factor makes the absolute over all space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The normalization factor makes the absolute value of the integral squared equal to 1 in all spaces.	The normalization factor makes absolute over the entire space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The normalization factor doesn't make the absolute over all space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The normalization factor doesn't make the absolute value of the integral squared equal to 1 in all spaces.
3195	他是理查德·拜菲尔德与第二任妻子所生之子，尼古拉斯·拜菲尔德是他同父异母的哥哥。	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He is the son of Richard Byfield and his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield is his half-brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield through his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was not a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He is not the son of Richard Byfield and his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield is his half-brother.
3742	软腭挤喉音是一种辅音，在有些口头语言中使用。国际音标中的音标，就是这个发音。	The Velar - Ejective is a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which is this sound.	A velar squeezing is a consonant sound used in some spoken languages. The phonetic symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet is this pronunciation.	The velar ejective is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is.	The Velar - Ejective is not a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which is this sound.	A velar squeezing is not a consonant sound used in some spoken languages. The phonetic symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet is this pronunciation.
2004	Buccinum pulchellum 是一种海螺，属于真正的蛾螺科腹足软体动物，是海中的蛾螺。	Buccinum pulchellum is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Buccinum pulchellum is a species of conch, a true gastropod mollusk of the Mothidae family, which is a moth snail in the sea.	Buccinum pulchellum is a species of the sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Buccinum pulchellum is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Buccinum pulchellum is not a species of conch, a true gastropod mollusk of the Mothidae family, which is a moth snail in the sea.
7178	《Acoustic and Live : Pure》 于 2003 年初发行。	``Acoustic and Live: Pure ''was released in early 2003.	Acoustic and Live : Pure was released in early 2003.	``Acoustic and Live: Pure ''was released early in 2003.	``Acoustic and Live: Pure ''was not released in early 2003.	Acoustic and Live : Pure was not released in early 2003.
6548	在 1991 年之前，这里是德哈马县唯一的公共舞台，而在 1993 年之前，这里还是仅有的一家电影院。	Until 1991, it offered the only public stage in Tehama County and was the only cinema until 1993.	Before 1991, it was the only public stage in Dehama County, and until 1993, it was the only movie theater.	It provided the only public stage in Tehama County until 1991, and was the only cinema until 1993.	Until 1991, it didn't offer the only public stage in Tehama County and was the only cinema until 1993.	Before 1991, it was not the only public stage in Dehama County, and until 1993, it was the only movie theater.
2187	它位于栗树岭东面，纳纽埃特南面、纽约州布劳维尔特西面，新泽西州蒙特威尔和旧塔潘北面。	It is east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is located east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Brouvelt, NY, and north of Montville, NJ, and Old Tappan.	It is located east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is not east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is not located east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Brouvelt, NY, and north of Montville, NJ, and Old Tappan.
5944	1993 年，当普拉策尔在艾伦镇开第二家餐厅时，他将名称改为 P. J. Whelihan 's，以纪念他的祖父彼得·约瑟夫·韦利汉。	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	In 1993, when Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he didn't change the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he didn't change the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.
948	影片由 A·斯里卡尔·普拉萨德拍摄，拉吉夫·梅农剪辑。	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Rajiv Menon.	Filmed by A. Srikar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was not photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Rajiv Menon.	 didn't film by A. Srikar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.
1368	劳里是一个男女通用的名字。在男性名字中，它可以是罗伦斯或劳伦斯的简称（爱称）。	Laurie is a unisex given name. Among males, it can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex name. In masculine names it can be either Lawrence or a short form (pet name) of Lawrence.	Laurie is a unisex name that can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence among males.	Laurie is not a unisex given name. Among males, it can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is not a unisex name. In masculine names it can be either Lawrence or a short form (pet name) of Lawrence.
1370	贝尔曼于 1931 年 12 月 8 日在路易斯维尔去世，并于肯塔基州路易斯维尔的耶稣受难像墓园下葬。	Bellman died on December 8, 1931 in Louisville and is interred at Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman died in Louisville on December 8, 1931, and was buried at Crucifix Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman died in Louisville on December 8, 1931, and is buried at the Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman didn't die on December 8, 1931 in Louisville and is interred at Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman didn't die in Louisville on December 8, 1931, and was buried at Crucifix Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.
954	夏季大学联赛成员“纳舒厄银骑士”是今天城市中的队伍。	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer collegiate league, is today's team in the city.	Summer College League member "Nashua Silver Knights" is the team in the city today.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer collegiate league, is the city's current team.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer collegiate league, is not today's team in the city.	Summer College League member "Nashua Silver Knights" is not the team in the city today.
5503	2016 年 7 月，她在“秘密特工”中扮演约瑟夫·康拉德，该片基于温妮·维洛克所著的同一部小说。	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she played Joseph Conrad in "The Secret Service," based on the same novel by Winnie Willock.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the eponymous novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she didn't appear as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she didn't play Joseph Conrad in "The Secret Service," based on the same novel by Winnie Willock.
6631	该站的声音在瑞典、芬兰南部和东欧的部分地方听得到。	The station was heard in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of eastern Europe.	The station's voice can be heard in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of Eastern Europe.	The station was heard in Sweden, in southern Finland and parts of Eastern Europe.	The station was not heard in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of eastern Europe.	The station's voice can't be heard in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of Eastern Europe.
2538	度假村内拥有 7 条红色滑道、3 条蓝色滑道、2 条黑色滑道和 1 条绿色滑道。	The resort has 7 red pistes, 3 blue pistes, 2 black pistes and one green piste.	The resort has 7 red slides, 3 blue slides, 2 black slides and 1 green slide.	The resort has 7 red, 3 blue, 2 black and one green pistes.	The resort doesn't have 7 red pistes, 3 blue pistes, 2 black pistes and one green piste.	The resort doesn't have 7 red slides, 3 blue slides, 2 black slides and 1 green slide.
7191	他分别于 1824 年、1826 年和 1827 年依次被任命为威廉姆斯县、塞内卡县和桑达斯基县的原告律师。	He was appointed accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1827.	He was appointed plaintiff's attorney in Williams County, Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1824, 1826, and 1827, respectively.	He was appointed prosecuting attorney for Williams County in 1824, for Seneca County in 1826 and for Sandusky County in 1827.	He was not appointed accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1827.	He was not appointed plaintiff's attorney in Williams County, Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1824, 1826, and 1827, respectively.
1188	弗朗索瓦丝·杜尔以 6-4 和 6-2 击败伊文·古拉贡	Françoise Dürr defeated Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Toure beats Evan Goulagon 6-4, 6-2	Françoise Dürr defeated Goolagong Evonne 6: 4, 6: 2	Françoise Dürr didn't defeat Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Toure doesn't beat Evan Goulagon 6-4, 6-2
4115	2007 年锦标赛于 1 月 21 日至 28 日，在华盛顿斯波坎的斯波坎竞技场和斯波坎会议中心举行。	The 2007 championship took place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 tournament was held January 21-28 at the Spokane Arena and Spokane Convention Center in Spokane, Washington.	The 2007 championships took place from 21 to 28 January in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship didn't take place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 tournament was not held January 21-28 at the Spokane Arena and Spokane Convention Center in Spokane, Washington.
6484	这个团队主要研究另类音乐和独立音乐。	The line-up is mainly focused on alternative music and indie music.	This team mainly studies alternative and independent music.	The cast is focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The line-up is mainly not focused on alternative music and indie music.	This team mainly doesn't study alternative and independent music.
6541	一些历史学家说荷兰的统治阶级希望荷兰与佛拉芒法律体系整合并且采用佛拉芒经济制度。	Some historians say that the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate with the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians say that the Dutch ruling class wanted the Netherlands to integrate with the Flemish legal system and adopt the Flemish economic system.	Some historians say that the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate into the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians don't say that the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate with the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians don't say that the Dutch ruling class wanted the Netherlands to integrate with the Flemish legal system and adopt the Flemish economic system.
4854	1781 年，弗吉尼亚州州长托马斯·杰斐逊提拔克拉克为准将，并委任他指挥肯塔基州和伊利诺伊州的所有民兵。	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and appointed him to command all militia in Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him the orders for all militias in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson didn't promote Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson didn't promote Clark to brigadier general and appointed him to command all militia in Kentucky and Illinois.
7563	影片由占比·阿尔马让饰演艾利克斯，贝尔纳多·格尔尼卡·克鲁兹饰演大卫以及乔纳森·迪亚兹·安古洛饰演玛利亚。	The film plays Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Ben Armagen as Alex, Bernardo Guernica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film doesn't play Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film doesn't star Ben Armagen as Alex, Bernardo Guernica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.
4289	她是杰克·帕特罗的遗孀，也是女演员格温妮丝·帕特罗和导演布鲁斯·帕特罗的母亲。	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jack Paltrow and mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is not the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is not the widow of Jack Paltrow and mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.
6715	"Ras" Abbi Addi 前进至卡萨岛，与中心的"Ras" Seyoum 汇合。	``Ras ''Abbi Addi advanced to Kassa and joined up with`` Ras'' Seyoum in the center.	"Ras" Abbi Addi advances to Casa Island to meet "Ras" Seyoum in the center.	``Ras ''Abbi Addi advanced to Kassa and joined with'' Ras ''Seyoum in the center.	``Ras ''Abbi Addi didn't advance to Kassa and joined up with`` Ras'' Seyoum in the center.	"Ras" Abbi Addi doesn't advance to Casa Island to meet "Ras" Seyoum in the center.
7119	艾米丽·安·劳埃德（于 1984 年 3 月 27 日出生，本名为艾米丽·安·莫雷利）是一名美国女演员。	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli on March 27, 1984) is an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born March 27, 1984 as Emily Ann Morelli) is an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli; March 27, 1984) is an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born Emily Ann Morelli on March 27, 1984) is not an American actress.	Emily Ann Lloyd (born March 27, 1984 as Emily Ann Morelli) is not an American actress.
7031	美国先驱者约翰·萨特 (1803-1880) 和其他欧洲瑞士定居者于 1839 年 8 月一起抵达上加利福尼亚。	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	American pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) arrived in Upper California with other European Swiss settlers in August 1839.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in August 1839 together with other euros - Swiss settlers in Alta California.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) didn't arrive in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	American pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) didn't arrive in Upper California with other European Swiss settlers in August 1839.
953	她补充说强奸在事故不久后便发生了。	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the accident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She didn't add that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	She didn't add that the rape occurred shortly after the accident.
2320	他的父亲阿尔菲·伯恩是都柏林的代表、参议员和市长大人，另一位兄弟帕特里克·伯恩也是 TD。	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was Dublin's representative, senator and Lord Mayor, and another brother, Patrick Byrne, was also a TD.	His father Alfie Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother Patrick Byrne was also a TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was not a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was not Dublin's representative, senator and Lord Mayor, and another brother, Patrick Byrne, was also a TD.
5874	20 世纪 70 年代后，他转向表面上更为传统的风景画，并结构了浪漫绘画的传统。	After the mid 1970s, he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the 1970s, he turned to ostensibly more traditional landscape painting and structured the tradition of romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes, deconstructing the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s, he didn't turn to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the 1970s, he didn't turn to ostensibly more traditional landscape painting and structured the tradition of romantic painting.
7827	Enigmaticolus Monnieri 是一种海螺，是属于蛾螺科的真正腹足软体动物，是海生蛾螺。	Enigmaticolus Monnieri is a sea snail species, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Enigmaticolus Monnieri is a species of conch, a true gastropod mollusk belonging to the Moth family, a marine moth snail.	Enigmaticolus monnieri is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Enigmaticolus Monnieri is not a sea snail species, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Enigmaticolus Monnieri is not a species of conch, a true gastropod mollusk belonging to the Moth family, a marine moth snail.
362	此专辑由阿尼瓦尔·科佩尔在加利福尼亚州的洛杉矶录制，并在洛杉矶的“La Casa”工作室进行了混音。	This album was recorded in Los Angeles, California by Aníbal Kerpel, mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles.	The album was recorded by Anibal Koper in Los Angeles, California and mixed at the "La Casa" studio in Los Angeles.	The album was recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel and mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles, California.	This album was not recorded in Los Angeles, California by Aníbal Kerpel, mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles.	The album was not recorded by Anibal Koper in Los Angeles, California and mixed at the "La Casa" studio in Los Angeles.
145	Rõuge Valgjärv 是爱沙尼亚沃鲁东南部的一个湖泊，靠近拉脱维亚边境。	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in the southeastern county of Voru in Estonia, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in southeastern Valgjärv, Estonia, near the Latvian border.	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in Estonia's southeastern county of Voru, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is not a lake in the southeastern county of Voru in Estonia, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is not a lake in southeastern Valgjärv, Estonia, near the Latvian border.
455	威廉·卢埃林·威廉姆斯，更为人熟知的名字是卢埃林·威廉姆斯（1867 年 3 月 10 日 - 1922 年 4 月 22 日），是一位激进的记者、律师和威尔士自由派政治家。	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewellyn Williams, better known as Llewellyn Williams (March 10, 1867 – April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal send politicians.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was not a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewellyn Williams, better known as Llewellyn Williams (March 10, 1867 – April 22, 1922), was not a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal send politicians.
6364	Hirasea goniobasis 是一种呼吸空气的小型蜗牛，是属于内齿蜗牛科的陆生有肺腹足软体动物。	Hirasea goniobasis is a species of small air-breathable snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis, a small air-breathing snail, is a terrestrial lung-gastropod mollusk belonging to the endodontidae family.	Hirasea goniobasis is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis is not a species of small air-breathable snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis, a small air-breathing snail, is not a terrestrial lung-gastropod mollusk belonging to the endodontidae family.
7969	登峰团已经撤销，而标准炮兵团保留最初轻兵团的人数。	The peak regiment had been removed, and the standard artillery - regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The Dengfeng Regiment has been withdrawn, while the Standard Artillery Regiment retains the original number of Light Regiments.	The howitzer regiment had been removed, and the standard artillery regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The peak regiment hadn't been removed, and the standard artillery - regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The Dengfeng Regiment hasn't been withdrawn, while the Standard Artillery Regiment retains the original number of Light Regiments.
1883	伊丽莎是他的姐妹朱迪思的女儿，朱迪斯大约在 1748 年去世。	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who died around 1748.	Eliza was daughter of his sister Judith who had died in about 1748.	Eliza was not the daughter of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was not the daughter of his sister Judith, who died around 1748.
4035	他在柏林的书房墙上挂着三幅人物像：叔本华、麦克斯韦、法拉第。	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	He has three portraits on the wall of his study in Berlin: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In his Berlin study, three figures didn't hange on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	He doesn't have three portraits on the wall of his study in Berlin: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.
5790	巴索达是印度中央邦乌代浦附近的小镇。	Ganj Basoda is a town in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Basoda is a small town near Udaipur in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Ganj Basoda is a city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Ganj Basoda is not a town in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Basoda is not a small town near Udaipur in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
5286	在竞选活动中，他两次击败麦凯恩，一次在图森，另一次在弗拉格斯塔夫。	During his election campaign, he twice debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During the campaign, he defeated McCain twice, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated McCain twice, once in the flagstaff, and once in Tucson.	During his election campaign, he twice didn't debate McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During the campaign, he didn't defeat McCain twice, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.
1247	Basia Trzetrzelewska 在 1987 年推出的《时代和浪潮》专辑中的歌曲《Astrud》是对吉尔伯托的致敬。	The ``Astrud ''track on Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album,`` Time and Tide'', is a tribute to Gilberto.	The song "Astrud" from Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album "Times and Waves" is a tribute to Gilberto.	The ``Astrud ''track on Basia Trzetrzelewska's album`` Time and Tide'' of 1987 is a tribute to Gilberto.	The ``Astrud ''track on Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album,`` Time and Tide'', is not a tribute to Gilberto.	The song "Astrud" from Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album "Times and Waves" is not a tribute to Gilberto.
3761	维班内是印度喀拉拉邦内杜芒格阿德乡的阿鲁维卡拉乡下的一个村庄。维班内隶属于蒂鲁文南特布勒姆区的内杜芒格阿德潘查雅特。	Vembannur is a village in the Aruvikkara Taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangad Panchayat of the Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vibanee is a village in the Arubikara countryside in Nedumangaard Township, Kerala state, India. Vibanai is affiliated to Nedumangaad Panchayat in Thiruvananthapuram district.	Vembannur is a village located in the Aruvikkara taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangad panchayat of the Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vembannur is not a village in the Aruvikkara Taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangad Panchayat of the Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vibanee is not a village in the Arubikara countryside in Nedumangaard Township, Kerala state, India. Vibanai is affiliated to Nedumangaad Panchayat in Thiruvananthapuram district.
7701	坎帕拉中央商务区距离卡文佩大约。	The distance between Kampala's central business district and Kawempe is approximately.	The Kampala CBD is approximately 10 minutes from Cavempe.	The road distance between Kampala's central business district and Kawempe is approximately.	The distance between Kampala's central business district and Kawempe is not approximately.	The Kampala CBD is not approximately 10 minutes from Cavempe.
6742	蒂姆·亨曼以 6-7、6-4 和 7-6 战胜皮特·桑普拉斯而赢得决赛。	Tim Henman won in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman won the final with a 6-7, 6-4, 7-6 victory over Pete Sampras.	Tim Tim Henman won 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras in the finals.	Tim Henman didn't win in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman didn't win the final with a 6-7, 6-4, 7-6 victory over Pete Sampras.
6768	在吉他手科尔·亚历山大和贝斯手贾尔德·史威利离开 Renegades，以及吉他手本·艾伯保离开 Reruns 后，该乐队于 1999 年在乔治亚州的邓伍迪成立。	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Cole Alexander and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Cole Alexander and bassist Jared Swillie left Renegades, and guitarist Ben Aberbauer left Reruns.	The band was founded in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999, after the guitarist Cole Alexander and the bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Cole Alexander and bassist Jared Swilley didn't left the Renegades, and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Cole Alexander and bassist Jared Swillie didn't left Renegades, and guitarist Ben Aberbauer left Reruns.
2365	巴拉矗立在覆有雪的高平原上，夏季炎热，冬季寒冷。	Bala stands on a high and snowy plain, summers are hot, winters are cold.	Barra stands on a high snow-covered plain, with hot summers and cold winters.	Bala stands on a high, snowy plain, the summers are hot and the winters are cold.	Bala stands on a high and snowy plain, summers are hot, winters are not cold.	Barra doesn't stand on a high snow-covered plain, with hot summers and cold winters.
4373	据美国人口调查局，绍斯波特的总面积为，其中陆地面积和 占， 或 0.91% 为水域面积。	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Southport's total area is, of which land area and , or 0.91%, is water area.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Southport's total area is not , of which land area and , or 0.91%, is water area.
2240	吃水线上的齐格弗里德级船只全部是长长的。	The ships of the Siegfried class were long overall at the waterline and long.	Siegfried-class ships on the waterline are all long.	The ships of the Siegfried class were overall long and long on the waterline.	The ships of the Siegfried class were not long overall at the waterline and long.	Siegfried-class ships on the waterline are not all long.
6664	它从美国（缅因州、俄勒冈州和加利福尼亚州）和不列颠哥伦比亚省（加拿大）广为人知。	It is well known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is widely known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, and California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and Canada (British Columbia).	It is not well known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is widely not known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, and California) and British Columbia (Canada).
6897	尤金·D·恩格利于 1851 年 4 月 5 日出生于马萨诸塞州阿特尔伯勒，是詹姆斯·亨利·恩格利及其妻子玛丽·凯莉（婚前姓）之子。	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleboro, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife Mary Kelly (maiden name).	Eugene D. Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was not born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was not born on April 5, 1851 in Attleboro, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife Mary Kelly (maiden name).
5743	1 月 21 日至 28 日，2007 年锦标赛于华盛顿斯波坎的斯波坎运动场和斯波坎会议中心举行。	The 2007 championship took place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	From January 21-28, the 2007 Championships were held at the Spokane Arena and Spokane Convention Center in Spokane, Washington.	The 2007 Championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship didn't take place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	From January 21-28, the 2007 Championships were not held at the Spokane Arena and Spokane Convention Center in Spokane, Washington.
5176	继 1939 年纳粹德国和苏联入侵波兰后，Osterwa 便积极投身地下教育但同时也抱病在身。	Following the 1939, invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa became active in the underground education but also was ill.	Following the invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa was actively involved in underground education but also became ill.	Following the invasion of Poland by Nazi - Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa became active in underground education, but was also sick.	Following the 1939, invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa didn't become active in the underground education but also was ill.	Following the invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa was actively not involved in underground education but also became ill.
7952	凯伦·菲利普斯开始与苏兰·琼斯饰演的史蒂夫恋爱。	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve of Suranne Jones played.	Karen Phillips begins a relationship with Steve, played by Suran Jones.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve played by Suranne Jones.	Karen Phillips didn't begin a relationship with Steve of Suranne Jones played.	Karen Phillips doesn't begin a relationship with Steve, played by Suran Jones.
1217	在前往法国和土耳其的俱乐部之前，阿格博曾为南斯拉夫联邦共和国的贝尔格莱德拉德足球俱乐部和奥比利奇足球俱乐部效力。	Agbo played for the Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs to France and Turkey.	Agbo played for Belgrade FC and Obilic FC in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia before going to clubs in France and Turkey.	Agbo played for the Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs in France and Turkey.	Agbo didn't play for the Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs to France and Turkey.	Agbo didn't play for Belgrade FC and Obilic FC in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia before going to clubs in France and Turkey.
781	2016 年 6 月 21 日，黛比·马蒂诺普洛斯取代克里斯蒂娜·费拉尔成为他的新共同主持人。	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Martinopoulos replaced Christina Ferrar as his new co-host.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new cohost.	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos didn't replace Cristina Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Martinopoulos didn't replace Christina Ferrar as his new co-host.
3546	萨默斯是第一代萨默斯男爵查尔斯·科克斯和伊丽莎白的儿子，后者是理查德·艾略特的女儿。	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Richard Eliot.	Summers was the son of Charles Cox, 1st Baron Summers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was not the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Richard Eliot.	Summers was not the son of Charles Cox, 1st Baron Summers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.
4437	莫里斯·科斯曼，全名亚历山大·爱德华·莫里斯·科斯曼（1850 年 9 月 18 日至 1924 年 5 月 17 日）是一位法国古生物学家和软体动物学家。	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cosman, full name Alexandre Edouard Maurice Cosman (18 September 1850 – 17 May 1924) was a French paleontologist and molluscologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name of Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was not a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cosman, full name Alexandre Edouard Maurice Cosman (18 September 1850 – 17 May 1924) was not a French paleontologist and molluscologist.
5559	ACVM 总部位于格拉斯哥，并在爱丁堡、阿伯丁、纽卡斯尔、曼彻斯特和米尔顿凯恩斯设有办事处。	ACVM is based in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is headquartered in Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is located in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is not based in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is not headquartered in Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.
6038	最快的是尼科·罗斯伯格，领先于威廉姆斯、瓦尔特利·博塔斯和路易斯·汉密尔顿。	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams, Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	Nico Rosberg was fastest, ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was not Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was not Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams, Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.
1683	《亚当·苏拉特》（“内心的力量”）是一部由塔尔克·马苏德在 1989 年执导的关于孟加拉国画家谢赫·莫罕默德·苏尔丹的纪录片。	Adam Surat (``Inner Strength '') is a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat ("Inner Strength") is a 1989 documentary about Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammad Sultan directed by Talq Masood.	Adam Surat (``The Inner Strength '') is a 1989 Bangladeshi documentary film about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan, directed by Tareque Masud.	Adam Surat (``Inner Strength '') is not a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat ("Inner Strength") is not a 1989 documentary about Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammad Sultan directed by Talq Masood.
222	Seóighe 大主教于 1485 年 5 月 16 日受到任命，1487 年正式宣告为主教。他在 1501 年 12 月 20 日或 20 日去世。	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on 16 May 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop of Seóighe was ordained on May 16, 1485, and was officially proclaimed bishop in 1487. He died on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487, died either on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was not appointed on 16 May 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop of Seóighe was not ordained on May 16, 1485, and was officially proclaimed bishop in 1487. He died on December 20 or 20, 1501.
3372	在促进来自北非的增援后，8 月 18 日，她返回奥兰为意大利的侵略做准备，并为此于 9 月 5 日启航。	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, she returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she sailed on September 5.	After facilitating reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran on 18 August to prepare for the Italian invasion, for which she set sail on 5 September.	After ferrying reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy itself, for which she sailed 5 September.	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, she didn't return to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she sailed on September 5.	After facilitating reinforcements from North Africa, she didn't return to Oran on 18 August to prepare for the Italian invasion, for which she set sail on 5 September.
2667	de Ruiter 在莱顿出生，曾效力于乌德勒支足球俱乐部、邓伯什足球俱乐部、精英队、瓦尔韦克和埃门足球俱乐部。	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, has played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Born in Leiden, de Ruiter has played for Utrecht, Dunbosch, Elite, Valwerk and Emmen.	Born in Leiden, de Ruiter has played for RKC Waalwijk, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, FC Utrecht and FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, hasn't played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Born in Leiden, de Ruiter hasn't played for Utrecht, Dunbosch, Elite, Valwerk and Emmen.
6015	北安普敦郡是北安普敦郡的一个县选区，代表英国议会的下议院。	Northamptonshire was a county constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented at the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament.	Northamptonshire is a county constituency in Northamptonshire that represents the lower house of the British Parliament.	Northamptonshire was a county constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Northamptonshire was not a county constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented at the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament.	Northamptonshire is not a county constituency in Northamptonshire that represents the lower house of the British Parliament.
5761	同样值得注意的是，以下代码可在缺乏 ADL 时运行（任何情况下均适用）。	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied anyway to it).	It's also worth noting that the following code works in the absence of ADL (in any case).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is anyway applied to it).	It is not also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied anyway to it).	It's not also worth noting that the following code works in the absence of ADL (in any case).
5936	“Air”、Howie B、Mars IV、Les Négresses Vertes 和 FFF 等乐队以及曼吕·乔也参与了此专辑。	Also the groups ''Air ``, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF and Manu Chao attended the album.	Bands such as "Air", Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF, as well as Manluj Jo, also participated in the album.	Cassius, the groups ``Air '', Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF, and Manu Chao also participated in the album.	Also the groups ''Air ``, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF and Manu Chao didn't attend the album.	Bands such as "Air", Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF, as well as Manluj Jo, also didn't participate in the album.
5804	这对夫妻在家乡萨卡里亚省举行婚礼后，就立即飞往西班牙巴塞罗那。	After the wedding in his hometown Sakarya the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	Immediately after their wedding in their home province of Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, ​​Spain.	After the wedding ceremony in his hometown Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the wedding in his hometown Sakarya the couple didn't fly to Barcelona, Spain.	Immediately after their wedding in their home province of Sakarya, the couple didn't fly to Barcelona, ​​Spain.
632	许多公交线路从邻近的埃迪大道或从附近的伊丽莎白大街或火车站广场出发。	Many bus lines depart from the adjacent Eddy Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.	Many bus lines depart from adjacent Eddie Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or Station Square.	Many bus services depart from the adjacent Eddy Avenue or from the nearby Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.	Many bus lines don't depart from the adjacent Eddy Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.	Many bus lines don't depart from adjacent Eddie Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or Station Square.
765	Elachista menura 是草潜蛾科的一种蛾，发现于新南威尔士州和昆士兰州的山区和沿海地区。	Elachista menura is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in the mountainous areas and coastal areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is a moth of the grasshopper family, found in mountainous and coastal areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is a mother of the Elachistidae family, which is found in the coastal areas and mountainous areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is not a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in the mountainous areas and coastal areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is not a moth of the grasshopper family, found in mountainous and coastal areas of New South Wales and Queensland.
5573	将类别 I、II、IV 和 V 控制为“不受控制”，类别 III 控制为“表明”。	Categories I, II, IV and V are controlled ``uncontrolled ''and Category III is'' indicates ''.	Control Category I, II, IV and V as "Not Controlled" and Category III as "Indicated".	Categories I, II, IV and V are controlled ``uncontrolled ''and category III is`` termed''.	Categories I, II, IV and V are controlled ``uncontrolled ''and Category III is'' not indicates ''.	Control Category I, II, IV and V as " Controlled" and Category III as "Indicated".
4656	苏里南最杰出的女性包括詹妮佛·西蒙斯、Marijke Djwalapersad、伊丽莎白·桑松、辛西娅·麦克劳德和露丝·韦登博斯。	Among the most prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Suriname's most prominent women include Jennifer Simmons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elizabeth Sanson, Cynthia MacLeod and Ruth Wydenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, Marijke Djwalapersad, Jennifer Simons, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the most prominent women of Suriname are not Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Suriname's most prominent women don't include Jennifer Simmons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elizabeth Sanson, Cynthia MacLeod and Ruth Wydenbosch.
2133	奥利维亚·罗于 2004 年开始从事划船运动，而杰西卡·罗于 2006 年跟随她的步伐。	Olivia Loe took up rowing in 2004, and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	Olivia Rowe started rowing in 2004 and Jessica Rowe followed her in 2006.	In 2004, Olivia Loe took the rowing, and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	Olivia Loe didn't take up rowing in 2004, and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	Olivia Rowe didn't start rowing in 2004 and Jessica Rowe followed her in 2006.
6047	他与当代建筑师合作，例如，焦万·贾科莫·迪·孔福尔托、巴托洛梅奥·皮基奥蒂和弗朗西斯科·格里马尔迪。	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He collaborates with contemporary architects such as Giovin Giacomo di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiotti and Francisco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He didn't collaborate with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He doesn't collaborate with contemporary architects such as Giovin Giacomo di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiotti and Francisco Grimaldi.
883	1895 年，庆尚道南部被位于其西部的晋州市的地区和位于其东部的东莱区（现在的釜山）所取代。	In 1895, southern Gyeongsang was replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (now Busan) to the east.	In 1895, the southern part of Gyeongsang-do was replaced by the district of Jinju in its west and Dongnae-gu (now Busan) in its east.	In 1895, southern Gyeongsang was replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (modern-day Busan) in the east.	In 1895, southern Gyeongsang was not replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (now Busan) to the east.	In 1895, the southern part of Gyeongsang-do was not replaced by the district of Jinju in its west and Dongnae-gu (now Busan) in its east.
5479	归一化因数使得整个空间的绝对值平方的积分等于 1。	The normalization factor makes the integral over all space of the square of the absolute value equal to 1.	The normalization factor makes the integral of the square of the absolute value of the entire space equal to 1.	The normalization factor makes the integral equal to 1 over the entire space of the square of the absolute value.	The normalization factor doesn't make the integral over all space of the square of the absolute value equal to 1.	The normalization factor doesn't make the integral of the square of the absolute value of the entire space equal to 1.
1271	古巴的费尔南多·海德里希于 1880 年在马坦萨斯引入它的栽培技术。	In Matanzas its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	Fernando Heydrich of Cuba introduced its cultivation technique in Matanzas in 1880.	Its cultivation was introduced by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba in 1880.	In Matanzas its cultivation was not introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	Fernando Heydrich of Cuba didn't introduce its cultivation technique in Matanzas in 1880.
3115	2006 年 9 月 14 日，华盛顿奇才队签下朗并于 2017 年 7 月与该球员解约。	On 14 September 2006, Lang was signed by the Washington Wizards and released by the Wizards in July 2017.	On September 14, 2006, the Washington Wizards signed Long and released the player in July 2017.	On September 14, 2006, Lang was signed by the Washington Wizards. In July 2017, Lang was released by the Wizards.	On 14 September 2006, Lang was not signed by the Washington Wizards and released by the Wizards in July 2017.	On September 14, 2006, the Washington Wizards didn't sign Long and released the player in July 2017.
6536	此次阵容主要关注独立音乐和另类音乐。	The cast is focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The lineup focuses on indie and alternative music.	The line-up is mainly focused on indie music and alternative music.	The cast is not focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The lineup doesn't focus on indie and alternative music.
2714	芬奇回到主营地后，米歇尔抵达时带来了悲剧消息。	After Finch returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returns to the main camp, Michelle arrives with tragic news.	After Finch had returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to the main camp, Mitchell didn't arrive with tragic news.	After Finch returns to the main camp, Michelle doesn't arrive with tragic news.
1936	皮蓬城由来自纽约的塞缪尔·克罗斯和来自费城的威廉 A ·皮蓬在 1867（1820 年 3 月 5 日 - 1986 年 7 月 6 日）设计。	Piper City was designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Pippen City was designed by Samuel Cross from New York and William A. Pippen from Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1986).	Piper City was laid out in 1867 by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper (5 March 1820 -- 6 July 1896) of Philadelphia.	Piper City was not designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Pippen City was not designed by Samuel Cross from New York and William A. Pippen from Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1986).
3765	任何看过的人都会觉得这所学校是一个连续体，一个单排建筑。	Anyone who watches should have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Anyone who has seen it will feel that the school is a continuum, a single row of buildings.	Anyone watching should have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Anyone who watches shouldn't have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Anyone who has seen it won't feel that the school is a continuum, a single row of buildings.
971	麦克米伦在位于蒂德沃思的皇家医疗队工作了两年，之后在迪德科特工作，在那里他为在朝鲜战争中受伤的士兵做磁共振波谱分析。	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he operated an MRS for soldiers injured in Korean War.	Macmillan spent two years with the Royal Medical Corps at Tidworth, before working at Didcot, where he performed magnetic resonance spectroscopy for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he operated an MRS for soldiers injured in Korean War.	Macmillan didn't spend two years with the Royal Medical Corps at Tidworth, before working at Didcot, where he performed magnetic resonance spectroscopy for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.
485	Somatherapy（或 Soma）是一种由弗莱雷根据精神分析学家威廉·赖希的研究于二十世纪七十年代创立的群体疗法。	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) is a group therapy founded by Freire in the 1970s based on research by psychoanalyst William Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created in the 1970s by the Freire as a group therapy based on the researches of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was not created by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) is not a group therapy founded by Freire in the 1970s based on research by psychoanalyst William Reich.
7472	麦克米伦在位于蒂德沃思的皇家医疗队工作了两年，之后在迪德科特工作，在那里他负责为在朝鲜战争中受伤的士兵做磁共振波谱分析。	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he led an MRS for soldiers who were injured in the Korean War.	Macmillan spent two years with the Royal Medical Corps at Tidworth, before working at Didcot, where he was responsible for magnetic resonance spectroscopy for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he led an MRS for soldiers who were injured in the Korean War.	Macmillan didn't spend two years with the Royal Medical Corps at Tidworth, before working at Didcot, where he was responsible for magnetic resonance spectroscopy for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.
2167	芒加在日本和亚洲同时推出了一款为世嘉五代而设计的同名电子游戏。	The manga has a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	Manga released a video game of the same name for Sega Five in Japan and Asia at the same time.	The manga has a videogame for the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Asia and Japan.	The manga doesn't have a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	Manga didn't release a video game of the same name for Sega Five in Japan and Asia at the same time.
7021	大主教 Seóighe 于 1485 年 5 月 16 日被授予这一圣职，1487 年接受任命，1501 年 12 月 20 日或 28 日去世。	Archbishop Seóighe was consecrated on 16 May 1485 and appointed in 1487, died on 20 or 28 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was consecrated on May 16, 1485, ordained in 1487, and died on December 20 or 28, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was consecrated on 16 May 1485 and appointed in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 28 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was not consecrated on 16 May 1485 and appointed in 1487, died on 20 or 28 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was not consecrated on May 16, 1485, ordained in 1487, and died on December 20 or 28, 1501.
5022	而执行制片人理查德·亚塞克表示，梅森是一个用心不良的“好男孩”。	While performing producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason ``is a good boy ''who has a bad heart.	Executive producer Richard Yasek said Mason was a "good boy" with bad intentions.	While executive producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason is ``a good boy '', who has a bad heart.	While performing producer, Richard Jasek, didn't comment that Mason ``is a good boy ''who has a bad heart.	Executive producer Richard Yasek didn't say Mason was a "good boy" with bad intentions.
6253	自 1984 年起，布莱克与帕特里夏·迈耶结婚，并有两个儿子：瑞恩（1988 年出生）和戴尔（1992 年出生）。	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Black has been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and together they have two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has not been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Black has not been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).
3321	西本伯格认为这是专辑中他最爱的歌曲，“因为如此纯粹而又个性十足。	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg considered it his favorite song on the album, "because it's so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so personal and so pure. ''	Siebenberg didn't describe the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg didn't consider it his favorite song on the album, "because it's so pure and so personal.
293	这些物种属于不同的生态种群，包括热带灌木、藤本植物和树木、旱生植物、分枝异养生物以及不同的草本植物。	The species are members of various ecological groups, including tropical shrubs, lianas and trees, xerophytic plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different herbaceous representatives.	These species belong to different ecological groups, including tropical shrubs, lianas and trees, xerophytes, branched heterotrophs, and different herbs.	The species are members of different ecological groups, including tropical shrubs, lianas and trees, xerophytic plants, mycoheterotrophic as well as various herbal representatives.	The species are not members of various ecological groups, including tropical shrubs, lianas and trees, xerophytic plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different herbaceous representatives.	These species don't belong to different ecological groups, including tropical shrubs, lianas and trees, xerophytes, branched heterotrophs, and different herbs.
3796	若奥·马丁斯·佩纳和弗朗西斯卡·德·保拉·胡丽叶塔·佩纳在里约热内卢出生，是马丁斯·佩纳的孩子。	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	Joao Martins Pena and Francesca de Paula Julietta Pena were born in Rio de Janeiro, the children of Martins Pena.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born in Rio de Janeiro, to Martins Pena.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was not born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	Joao Martins Pena and Francesca de Paula Julietta Pena were not born in Rio de Janeiro, the children of Martins Pena.
3057	这些在英国十分常见，但在欧洲相对少见，对于大型机车至少是如此。	These were common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These are quite common in the UK, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for larger locomotives.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but in Europe, at least for large locomotives, they are relatively rare.	These were not common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These are not quite common in the UK, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for larger locomotives.
7907	Axouchoi 是来自土耳其的一个显赫家族，它与科穆宁王朝关系密切，并且培养出众多著名将领。	The Axouchoi were a prominent family of Turkish origin, which was closely connected with the Komnenian dynasty and provided a number of prestigious generals.	The Axouchoi is a prominent family from Turkey, it is closely related to the Komnen dynasty and has trained many famous generals.	The Axouchoi were a prominent family of Turkish origin, which was closely associated with the Komnenian dynasty and provided a number of distinguished generals.	The Axouchoi were not a prominent family of Turkish origin, which was closely connected with the Komnenian dynasty and provided a number of prestigious generals.	The Axouchoi is a prominent family from Turkey, it is closely not related to the Komnen dynasty and has trained many famous generals.
2854	我丢失了那个，而那个是我留下的。	That I have lost that I left.	I lost that, and that was what I kept.	That I left that I have lost.	That I haven't lost that I left.	I didn't lose that, and that was what I kept.
4105	卢伽兹罗马天主教主教教区是一个主教教区，位于乌干达坎帕拉教省卢伽兹市。	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is a diocese, located in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugaz is a bishopric located in the city of Lugaz, in the Ecclesiastical Province of Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Lugazi is a diocese located in the city of Lugazi in the province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is not a diocese, located in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugaz is not a bishopric located in the city of Lugaz, in the Ecclesiastical Province of Kampala, Uganda.
5116	尽管友谊高地村不是一座成熟的自治市，但它在 1914 年既已确立为特别税区。	Although the Village of Friendship Heights is not an established municipality, it was established in 1914 as a special tax district.	Although Friendship Heights Village is not a full-fledged municipality, it was established as a special tax area in 1914.	Although not an established municipality, the Village of Friendship Heights was incorporated as a Special Tax District in 1914.	Although the Village of Friendship Heights is an established municipality, it was established in 1914 as a special tax district.	Although Friendship Heights Village is a full-fledged municipality, it was established as a special tax area in 1914.
7615	该漫画在日本和亚洲针对世嘉 Mega Drive 推出同名电子游戏。	The manga has a videogame for the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Japan and Asia.	The manga launches the video game of the same name for Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia.	The manga has a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	The manga doesn't have a videogame for the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Japan and Asia.	The manga doesn't launch the video game of the same name for Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia.
2013	他于 1891 年 9 月 19 日在田纳西州加拉廷去世，并在加拉廷收到了一个共济会。	He died on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	He died in Gallatin, Tennessee, on September 19, 1891, and received a mason in Gallatin.	Bunting died on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee. He received a Masonic funeral in Gallatin.	He didn't die on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	He didn't die in Gallatin, Tennessee, on September 19, 1891, and received a mason in Gallatin.
2086	从铁磁物质到顺磁物质的相变是持续的，并且呈二级阶数。	A phase transition from a ferromagnet to a paramagnet is continuous and is of second order.	The phase transition from ferromagnetic to paramagnetic is continuous and is second-order.	Phase transition from a ferromagnet to a paramagnet is continuous and has a second order.	A phase transition from a ferromagnet to a paramagnet is not continuous and is of second order.	The phase transition from ferromagnetic to paramagnetic is not continuous and is second-order.
6030	它从加利福尼亚州旧金山旅行到纽约州曼哈顿。	It traveled from San Francisco, California to Manhattan, New York.	It travels from San Francisco, CA to Manhattan, NY.	It has traveled from San Francisco, California to Manhattan, New York.	It didn't travele from San Francisco, California to Manhattan, New York.	It doesn't travel from San Francisco, CA to Manhattan, NY.
5491	与乌干达的许多民族社区一样（包括兰戈族、阿乔利族和阿卢尔族），卢奥族也不会举行男子割礼仪式并将之作为开端。	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda (including the Lango, Acholi and Alur), the Luau do not practice male circumcision as a starting point.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as an initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda (including the Lango, Acholi and Alur), the Luau practice male circumcision as a starting point.
1579	由于这些不可靠的机制，事务传输协议，例如用户数据报协议 (UDP) 足以进行会话发起协议操作。	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transactional transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP), are sufficient for SIP operation.	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transaction transport protocols such as User Datagram Protocol (UDP) are sufficient for session initiation protocol operations.	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transaction protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for SIP operation are sufficient.	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transactional transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP), are not sufficient for SIP operation.	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transaction transport protocols such as User Datagram Protocol (UDP) are not sufficient for session initiation protocol operations.
4134	第四次是由托马斯·基特拉在 1826 年 5 月后某天辞职所造成，后来由约瑟夫·亨普希尔填补。	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Thomas Kittera sometime after May, 1826, filled by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was caused by the resignation of Thomas Kittra sometime after May 1826, and was later filled by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was filled by the resignation of Thomas Kittera sometime after May 1826 by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was not in the caused by the resignation of Thomas Kittera sometime after May, 1826, filled by Joseph Hemphill.	The fourth was not caused by the resignation of Thomas Kittra sometime after May 1826, and was later filled by Joseph Hemphill.
3786	此专辑在北美境外的大部分版本均有相同的音频内容，但音轨标记的位置取决于发行 CD 的公司。	Most of the releases of the album outside North America had the same audio content, but the track markers were located depending on which label the CD released.	Most versions of this album outside of North America have the same audio content, but the location of the track markers depends on the company that released the CD.	Most releases of the album outside of North America had the same audio content, but located the track markers differently depending on which label released the CD.	Most of the releases of the album outside North America didn't have the same audio content, but the track markers were located depending on which label the CD released.	Most versions of this album outside of North America don't have the same audio content, but the location of the track markers depends on the company that released the CD.
5770	二月初接到的火警报案为 73 起，其中 26 起火情失控，预计还需要一个月的时间才能控制火情。	The number of fires reported at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	There were 73 fire alerts in early February, 26 of which were out of control, and it is expected to take another month to bring the fires under control.	The number of reported fires in early February was at 73 with 26 out of control, and expected time to control to be another month of fires.	The number of fires didn't report at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	There were not 73 fire alerts in early February, 26 of which were out of control, and it is expected to take another month to bring the fires under control.
2697	在乔洁·黑尔写的悬疑小说《Detection Unlimited》中，一个角色被拿来与阿姆斯特朗进行比较。	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared with Armstrong.	In Georgie Hale's suspense novel Detection Unlimited, a character is compared to Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is not compared with Armstrong.	In Georgie Hale's suspense novel Detection Unlimited, a character is not compared to Armstrong.
5779	Cast 主要从事另类音乐和独立音乐。	The cast is focused mainly on alternative music and indie music.	Cast works primarily in alternative and indie music.	The cast is focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The cast is not focused mainly on alternative music and indie music.	Cast doesn't work primarily in alternative and indie music.
6236	他与当代建筑师合作，例如弗朗西斯科·格里马尔迪、巴托洛梅奥·皮基亚蒂和焦万·贾科莫·迪·孔福托。	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborates with contemporary architects such as Francisco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Pichiati and Giovin Giacomo di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He didn't work together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He doesn't collaborate with contemporary architects such as Francisco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Pichiati and Giovin Giacomo di Conforto.
6473	但红牛队在季后赛首轮便落败。	But the Red Bulls lost the 1st round of the playoffs.	But the Red Bulls lost in the first round of the playoffs.	The Red Bulls made but lost the 1st round of the playoffs.	But the Red Bulls didn't lose the 1st round of the playoffs.	But the Red Bulls didn't lose in the first round of the playoffs.
4977	麦克米兰在迪德科特和后来在蒂德沃斯的皇家医疗队度过了两年，在那里他为在朝鲜战争中受伤的士兵进行磁共振波普分析。	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot -- and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in Didcot and later the Royal Medical Corps in Tidworth, where he performed magnetic resonance Popper analysis for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	For two years, McMillan spent at the Royal Medical Corp. in Didcot -- and later in Tidworth, where he run an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot -- and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan didn't spend two years in Didcot and later the Royal Medical Corps in Tidworth, where he performed magnetic resonance Popper analysis for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.
5200	第二艘船“密苏里号”在 1892 年 4 月 4 日运送 2,500 吨谷物和矢车菊至利耶帕亚。	On April 4, 1892, the second ship, ``Missouri, delivered 2,500 tons of grain and corn flowers to Liepaja.	A second ship, the Missouri, carried 2,500 tons of grain and cornflowers to Liepaya on April 4, 1892.	The second ship, ``Missouri '', delivered 2,500 tons of grain and corn flower to Liepaja on April 4, 1892.	On April 4, 1892, the second ship, ``Missouri, didn't deliver 2,500 tons of grain and corn flowers to Liepaja.	A second ship, the Missouri, didn't carry 2,500 tons of grain and cornflowers to Liepaya on April 4, 1892.
2293	第四个加入因约瑟夫·亨普希尔在 1826 年 5 月后的某个时候辞职导致并由托马斯·基特拉填补。	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	A fourth addition resulted from the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May 1826 and was filled by Thomas Kittra.	The fourth was caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May 1826, which was filled in by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was not in the caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	A fourth addition didn't result from the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May 1826 and was filled by Thomas Kittra.
7530	启动资金来自比尔及梅琳达·盖茨基金会、金融家爱德华·W·斯科特，以及科技企业家乔治·索罗斯。	Start-up funds came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funding came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	The funds came from the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funds didn't come from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funding didn't come from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.
7552	《珍稀植物史》展示出自切尔西药草园和剑桥植物园的植物。	``Historia Plantarum Rariorum ''shows plants from the Chelsea Physic Garden and the Cambridge Botanic Garden.	A History of Rare Plants showcases plants from the Chelsea Herb Garden and Cambridge Botanic Gardens.	``Historia Plantarum Rariorum ''depicted plants from the Cambridge Botanic Garden and the Chelsea Physic Garden.	``Historia Plantarum Rariorum '' doesn't show plants from the Chelsea Physic Garden and the Cambridge Botanic Garden.	A History of Rare Plants doesn't showcase plants from the Chelsea Herb Garden and Cambridge Botanic Gardens.
1699	效忠派在卡托巴河的西侧扎营，而查尔斯·康沃利将军的军队在东侧扎营。	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwally's army camped on the east side.	The Loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River while General Charles Cornwalli's army were camped on the east side.	The loyalists hadn't camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists didn't camp on the west side of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwally's army camped on the east side.
866	但牛顿量子中指明的“G”和公式 4 是物质场的恒定常态。	Whereas ''G ``Newton's quantum indicates and the Formula 4 is the constant state of matter fields.	But the "G" specified in the Newtonian quantum and Equation 4 is the constant normal state of the matter field.	Where ``G ''indicates Newton's quantum and formula _ 4 is the constant state of the matter fields.	Whereas ''G ``Newton's quantum doesn't indicate and the Formula 4 is the constant state of matter fields.	But the "G" not specified in the Newtonian quantum and Equation 4 is the constant normal state of the matter field.
3079	该属现归类至蜥蜴科，称为鬣蜥，属于安乐蜥亚科，不再归类至目前已经无效的安乐蜥科。	This genus is now classified in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the current invalid family, polychrotidae.	The genus is now classified in the lizard family, known as iguanas, which belongs to the subfamily Anorosauridae, and is no longer classified into the now inactive Anorosauridae.	This genus is currently classified in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the now invalid family, polychrotidae.	This genus is now classified in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is longer classified in the current invalid family, polychrotidae.	The genus is now classified in the lizard family, known as iguanas, which belongs to the subfamily Anorosauridae, and is longer classified into the now inactive Anorosauridae.
4076	妮科尔·普拉特以 6 - 4 和 6 - 3 击败了克丽斯廷·戈德里奇	Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3	Nicole Platt beat Christine Goderich 6-4, 6-3	Nicole Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 - 3	Nicole Pratt didn't defeat Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3	Nicole Platt didn't beat Christine Goderich 6-4, 6-3
4227	他和卢卡斯（马丁·汉森）共同获得知名的卡内基数学奖学金。	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	He and Lucas (Martin Hansen) are jointly awarded the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship in Mathematics.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is not co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	He and Lucas (Martin Hansen) are jointly not awarded the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship in Mathematics.
5338	奖牌由新西兰国际奥委会成员芭芭拉·肯德尔和国际帆船总会主席卡洛·克罗齐授予。	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were awarded by New Zealand International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall and International Sailing Federation President Carlo Croce.	The medals have been presented by Carlo Croce, IOC - member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, president of World Sailing.	The medals were not presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were not awarded by New Zealand International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall and International Sailing Federation President Carlo Croce.
581	盖根鲍尔多项式在位势论和调和分析中会自然地表现为勒让德多项式的扩展。	The Gegenbauer polynomials appear naturally as extensions of Legendre polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	Geigenbauer polynomials will naturally appear as extensions of Legendre polynomials in potential theory and harmonic analysis.	The Gegenbauer - polynomials appear as extensions of legend - polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	The Gegenbauer polynomials don't appear naturally as extensions of Legendre polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	Geigenbauer polynomials won't naturally appear as extensions of Legendre polynomials in potential theory and harmonic analysis.
1384	《Everything But You》是一首 1945 年的歌曲，由多恩·乔治作曲，艾灵顿公爵和哈里·詹姆斯填词。	``Everything But You ''is a song of 1945, composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	"Everything But You" is a 1945 song composed by Don George with lyrics by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a 1945 song composed by Don George with lyrics written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is not a song of 1945, composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	"Everything But You" is not a 1945 song composed by Don George with lyrics by Duke Ellington and Harry James.
912	它于 1096 年回到了阿纳夫·代·蒙哥马利手中，但在 1102 年被 Aumales 夺走，在 1221 年以前一直归后者所有。	In 1096 it returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but in 1102 went over to the Aumales, who held it until 1221.	It returned to Arnave de Montgomery in 1096, but was taken by the Aumales in 1102, and remained in the latter's possession until 1221.	In 1096 it returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but passed to the Aumales in 1102, who held it until 1221.	In 1096 it didn't return to Arnulf de Montgomery, but in 1102 went over to the Aumales, who held it until 1221.	It didn't return to Arnave de Montgomery in 1096, but was taken by the Aumales in 1102, and remained in the latter's possession until 1221.
6693	启用后不久，第 99 便开始支援紧急狂暴行动，该行动取代了格林纳达的斯大林主义政权。	Shortly after its activation, the 99th supported Operation Urgent Fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada.	Shortly after its opening, the 99th began to support Operation Urgent Fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada.	The 99th supported the operation Urgent Wury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada shortly after its activation.	Shortly after its activation, the 99th didn't support Operation Urgent Fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada.	Shortly after its opening, the 99th didn't begin to support Operation Urgent Fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada.
393	例如，如果村民不接受盆菜宴席，这意味着该村不批准也不举办特定的婚姻。	If villagers do not accept a poon - choi - feast, this means, for example, that a village does not approve or hold a particular marriage.	For example, if a villager does not accept a Poon Choi feast, it means that the village does not approve or hold a specific marriage.	If villagers do not accept a Poon choi feast, it means, for example, that a village does not approve of or hold a particular marriage.	If villagers accept a poon - choi - feast, this means, for example, that a village does not approve or hold a particular marriage.	For example, if a villager accepts a Poon Choi feast, it means that the village does not approve or hold a specific marriage.
7059	2006 年，使用 VIA C3 处理器描述了 pc1000 和 pc1500 平台。2007 年 8 月，pc3500 使用 VIA C7 推出。	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were described in 2006, using the VIA C3 processors. The pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 using the VIA C7.	In 2006, the pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were described using the VIA C3 processor. In August 2007, the pc3500 was introduced using VIA C7.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were described in 2006 with the VIA C3 processors and the pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 with the VIA C7.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were not described in 2006, using the VIA C3 processors. The pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 using the VIA C7.	In 2006, the pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were not described using the VIA C3 processor. In August 2007, the pc3500 was introduced using VIA C7.
7076	它是夏威夷流行的地方病，在那里它已被限制在夏威夷岛，并且已经从考艾岛和毛伊岛根除。	It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is now limited to the island of Hawaii and has been extirpated from Kauai and Maui.	It is endemic in Hawaii, where it has been confined to the island of Hawaii, and has been eradicated from Kauai and Maui.	It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is now limited to the island of Hawaii and has been exterminated by Kauai and Maui.	It is not endemic to Hawaii, where it is now limited to the island of Hawaii and has been extirpated from Kauai and Maui.	It is not endemic in Hawaii, where it has been confined to the island of Hawaii, and has been eradicated from Kauai and Maui.
901	在萨米周围，是瑞典和挪威（之前）说的一种萨米语。	Around Sami is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) in Norway.	Around Sami, is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and Norway (before).	Ume Sami is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) in Norway.	Around Sami is not a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) in Norway.	Around Sami, is not a Sami language spoken in Sweden and Norway (before).
692	1291 年，Mahaut 与勃艮第伯爵奥托四世结婚，后者是三个孩子的母亲，其中有两个女孩嫁给法国国王。	In 1291, Mahaut married the Count of Burgundy, Otto IV, who was mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy, the mother of three children, two of whom were married to the King of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy. She became the mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut didn't marry the Count of Burgundy, Otto IV, who was mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut didn't marry Otto IV, Count of Burgundy, the mother of three children, two of whom were married to the King of France.
1917	内维尔娶了 Edith Cranstoun Macnamara，H. T. J. Macnamara 的长女，她曾担任郡法院的法官和铁路某部门部长。	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was at one time a Judge of County Courts and a Railway Commissioner.	Neville was married to Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, the eldest daughter of H. T. J. Macnamara, a former county court judge and railroad minister.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, the eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was a judge of the County Courts and a railroad commissioner at one time.	Neville didn't marry Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was at one time a Judge of County Courts and a Railway Commissioner.	Neville was not married to Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, the eldest daughter of H. T. J. Macnamara, a former county court judge and railroad minister.
6686	前三家酒店均建于 20 世纪 80 年代的法国，其次是以色列的“埃拉特 Patio 度假酒店”。	The first three hotels were built in the 1980s in France, followed by ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in Israel.	The first three hotels were all built in France in the 1980s, followed by the "Eilat Patio Resort" in Israel.	The first three hotels were built in France in the 1980s followed by the ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in Israel.	The first three hotels were not built in the 1980s in France, followed by ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in Israel.	The first three hotels were all not built in France in the 1980s, followed by the "Eilat Patio Resort" in Israel.
1638	在那里工作的人包括沃兹米尔兹·索恩教授、让·加多姆斯基博士和尤金纽什·雷布卡教授。	Among those who worked there were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jan Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Those working there include Prof. Wozmirz Thorne, Dr. Jean Gadomsky and Prof. Eugenius Rybka.	Among those who worked there were Professor Eugeniusz Rybka, Dr. Jan Gadomski and Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn.	Among those who worked there were not professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jan Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Those working there don't include Prof. Wozmirz Thorne, Dr. Jean Gadomsky and Prof. Eugenius Rybka.
6773	条件 1 表明函数为光滑函数并可进行全局定义，条件 2 则表示解的动能全局受限。	Condition 1 implies that the functions are smooth and globally defined, and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally limited.	Condition 1 indicates that the function is smooth and can be defined globally, while Condition 2 indicates that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally limited.	Condition 1 implies that the functions are smooth and globally defined and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally bounded.	Condition 1 doesn't imply that the functions are smooth and globally defined, and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally limited.	Condition 1 doesn't indicate that the function is smooth and can be defined globally, while Condition 2 indicates that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally limited.
2125	他还向特德·克鲁兹捐赠 34,000 美元，向米特·罗德尼捐赠 7,000 美元，包括其 2016 年总统竞选。	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Rodney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated US $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also didn't donate $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also didn't donate $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Rodney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.
2825	1974 年，在世界银行、联合国和亚洲开发银行的帮助下，老挝人民民主共和国成立了二期基金。	In 1974 Lao PDR established the Stage II fund with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank.	In 1974, with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations and the Asian Development Bank, the Lao People's Democratic Republic established the second fund.	In 1974, with the support of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank, Lao PDR founded the Stage II Fund.	In 1974 Lao PDR didn't establish the Stage II fund with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank.	In 1974, with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations and the Asian Development Bank, the Lao People's Democratic Republic didn't establish the second fund.
3735	法国非尼斯泰尔选区是非尼斯泰尔“省”的第一个选区。	The French constituency of Finistère is a 1st constituency in the Finistère ``département ''.	The French constituency of Finistère is the first constituency of the Finistère "province".	The French legislative constituency of Finistère is a 1st constituency in the Finistère ``département ''.	The French constituency of Finistère is not a 1st constituency in the Finistère ``département ''.	The French constituency of Finistère is not the first constituency of the Finistère "province".
3926	两国泰米尔族和谐共享该地区，这里举办的节日还让参与者们有机会重燃希望、分享传统。	This festival also gives the participants an opportunity to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	The Tamils ​​of the two countries share the region in harmony, and the festivals held here also give participants a chance to rekindle hope and share traditions.	This festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and to share tradition, in an area that is harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	This festival also doesn't give the participants an opportunity to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	The Tamils ​​of the two countries don't share the region in harmony, and the festivals held here also give participants a chance to rekindle hope and share traditions.
2100	仅仅 10 天后，他和艾伦·海尔曼一同转入西雅图水手队，换来罗尼·塞德尼奥。	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he and Alan Hellman moved to the Seattle Mariners in exchange for Ronnie Cedeno.	Just 10 days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later he was not traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he and Alan Hellman didn't move to the Seattle Mariners in exchange for Ronnie Cedeno.
4804	典型的猫头鹰从小到大都是独居猛禽。	The typical owls are small to large solitary birds of prey.	The typical owl grows up as a solitary bird of prey.	The typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey.	The typical owls are not small to large solitary birds of prey.	The typical owl doesn't grow up as a solitary bird of prey.
4967	2017 年 7 月，内特·迪迷奥与埃尔默·麦科迪一起演出了一集《回忆的宫殿》，成为了这一集的主题。	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMio was the subject of an episode of "The Palace of Memories" with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was not the subject of an episode ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMio was not the subject of an episode of "The Palace of Memories" with Elmer McCurdy.
5726	“天使眼眸”是一首创作于 1946 年的流行歌曲，由厄尔·布伦特作曲，马特·丹尼斯作词。	``Angel Eyes ''is a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	"Angel Eyes" is a 1946 pop song composed by Earl Brent and lyrics by Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a popular song of 1946, composed by Earl Brent, with texts by Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is not a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	"Angel Eyes" is not a 1946 pop song composed by Earl Brent and lyrics by Matt Dennis.
7341	欧洲版与北美版皆为英文版。	Both the European version and the North American version are in English.	Both the European and North American versions are in English.	The North American version and the European version are available in English.	Both the European version and the North American version are not in English.	Both the European and North American versions are not in English.
3809	来自苏里南的杰出女性有詹妮弗·西蒙斯、Marijke Djwalapersad、伊丽莎白·萨姆森、辛西雅·麦克劳德和 Ruth Wijdenbosch。	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Outstanding women from Suriname are Jennifer Simmons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elizabeth Samson, Cynthia MacLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among Suriname's prominent women are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are not Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Outstanding women from Suriname are not Jennifer Simmons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elizabeth Samson, Cynthia MacLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.
5792	战后，他分别在 1948 年和 1949 年为皇家海军队对战陆军队两次，并且在 1949 年对战剑桥大学队。	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, he played for the Royal Navy against the Army twice in 1948 and 1949, and against the University of Cambridge in 1949.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the army, in 1948 and in 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, he didn't play twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, he didn't play for the Royal Navy against the Army twice in 1948 and 1949, and against the University of Cambridge in 1949.
1485	七十年代，她在 Kapp 和 MCA 这两个品牌旗下取得更多成功，而且她一直为它们效力到 1974 年。	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	In the seventies, she had more success under the Kapp and MCA brands, and she played for them until 1974.	Capp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were not the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	In the seventies, she didn't have more success under the Kapp and MCA brands, and she played for them until 1974.
813	德·鲁伊特出生于莱顿，曾先后效力于乌德勒支足球俱乐部、邓伯什足球俱乐部、精英职业足球基金会、瓦尔韦克足球俱乐部和埃门足球俱乐部。	de Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, the RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	De Ruyter was born in Leiden and has played for Utrecht FC, Dunbosch FC, Elite Professional Football Foundation, Warwick FC and Emmen FC.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, performed for RKC Waalwijk, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, FC Utrecht and FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, didn't play for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, the RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	De Ruyter was not born in Leiden and has played for Utrecht FC, Dunbosch FC, Elite Professional Football Foundation, Warwick FC and Emmen FC.
1482	三性女神的全新宗教观念是巫术宗教的现代运动的核心。	A new religious idea of a triple goddess is central to Wicca's modern movement.	The new religious conception of the three-sex goddess is at the heart of the modern movement of witchcraft religion.	A new religious idea of a Triple Goddess is central to the modern movement of Wicca.	A new religious idea of a triple goddess is not central to Wicca's modern movement.	The new religious conception of the three-sex goddess is not at the heart of the modern movement of witchcraft religion.
4877	他以落后巴巴·沃森和路易·乌修仁两杆的成绩结束了比赛，叹息他的推杆表现导致他未能赢得比赛。	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louie Ushureen, lamenting that his putting performance prevented him from winning the game.	He finished two blows behind Louis Oosthuizen and Bubba Watson and lamented his putting - performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he won the tournament.	He didn't finish two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louie Ushureen, lamenting that his putting performance prevented him from winning the game.
6924	1291 年，Mahaut 与奥托四世勃艮第伯爵结婚，与三个孩子的母亲成婚，其中有两个女孩成为法国国王。	In 1291, Mahaut married the count de Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy, to the mother of three children, two of whom became kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy. She married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut didn't marry the count de Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut didn't marry Otto IV, Count of Burgundy, to the mother of three children, two of whom became kings of France.
7032	作为尼日利亚证券交易所的第一上市公司，它是第一家在约翰内斯堡证券交易所跨境内部上市的非洲公司。	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it's the first African company to have a cross-border inward listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	As the first listed company on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it is the first African company to have a cross-border internal listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian stock exchange, it is the first African company to have a cross-border - Inward quotation on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it's not the first African company to have a cross-border inward listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	As the first listed company on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it is not the first African company to have a cross-border internal listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
5065	施利曼清理出五个竖井并认出它们是鲍桑尼亚提到的坟墓。	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausania.	Schliemann didn't clear five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann didn't clear five shafts and recognized them as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.
2666	Migvan（绚丽多彩的“lit”）是以色列内盖夫沙漠西北部斯德洛特市的一个小型城市基布兹。	Migvan (Colourful ``lit '') is a small urban kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the northwestern Negev desert in Israel.	Migvan (the colorful "lit") is a small urban kibbutz in the city of Sderot in the northwestern Negev desert in Israel.	Migvan (Colourful ``lit '') is a small city kibbutz in the town of Sderot in the northwestern desert of Negev in Israel.	Migvan (Colourful ``lit '') is not a small urban kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the northwestern Negev desert in Israel.	Migvan (the colorful "lit") is not a small urban kibbutz in the city of Sderot in the northwestern Negev desert in Israel.
5968	他于 1924 年在多伦多、1932 年在苏黎世以及 1936 年在奥斯陆担任 ICM 的特邀发言人。	In 1924 he was an invited spokesperson for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	He was a guest speaker at the ICM in Toronto in 1924, Zurich in 1932, and Oslo in 1936.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Zurich, and in 1936 in Oslo.	In 1924 he was not an invited spokesperson for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	He was not a guest speaker at the ICM in Toronto in 1924, Zurich in 1932, and Oslo in 1936.
7720	其效果包括生物化学反应、中枢神经系统反应和生理变化。	Its effects can include biochemical reactions, central nervous system responses, and physiological changes.	The effects include biochemical reactions, central nervous system reactions, and physiological changes.	Its effects may include biochemical responses, central nervous system reactions, and physiological changes.	Its effects can't include biochemical reactions, central nervous system responses, and physiological changes.	The effects don't include biochemical reactions, central nervous system reactions, and physiological changes.
2197	房子充满了愤怒的能量并产生了房中的死灵。	A house becomes charged with angry energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	The house was filled with angry energy and spawned the undead in the house.	A house is charged with angry energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	A house becomes not charged with angry energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	The house was not filled with angry energy and spawned the undead in the house.
4445	它靠近通向康尼马拉的乌特拉德和克利夫登第 N59 号公路上的克利伯湖。	It is near Lough Corrib, on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It is close to Clipper Lake on the N59 route to Connemara and Clifden.	It is close to Lough Corrib, on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It is not near Lough Corrib, on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It is not close to Clipper Lake on the N59 route to Connemara and Clifden.
5686	国际独立专家小组在调查事故的影响后得出结论称，无人因这场事故遇难或中毒。	An international independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent panel of experts investigating the impact of the accident concluded that no one was killed or poisoned by the accident.	An international independent group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was poisoned or killed as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts didn't examine the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent panel of experts investigating the impact of the accident didn't conclude that no one was killed or poisoned by the accident.
1026	这是一系列针对声音制作、算法作曲和声音合成而进行了优化的编程语言。	This is a list of programming languages optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	This is a series of programming languages ​​optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition and sound synthesis.	This is a list of programming languages that are optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	This is not a list of programming languages optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	This is not a series of programming languages ​​optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition and sound synthesis.
2324	Tindi 是俄罗斯达吉斯坦共和国使用的一种东北高加索语言。	Tindi is a northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is a northeastern Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is an Northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is not a northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is not a northeastern Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.
6008	完成的围栏主要位于新墨西哥州、亚利桑那州和加利福尼亚州，德克萨斯州还在建设。	The completed fence is located mainly in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with the construction in Texas.	The completed fences are mainly located in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with construction still underway in Texas.	The completed fence is mainly in New Mexico, Arizona, and California, with construction underway in Texas.	The completed fence is not located mainly in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with the construction in Texas.	The completed fences are mainly not located in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with construction still underway in Texas.
3802	弗兰克·詹姆斯加入了为当地德鲁·洛布斯军队招募的分离主义连队，并于 1861 年 8 月参加了威尔逊之战。	Frank James joined a secessionist company recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James joined a Separatist company recruited for the local Drew Lobus army and fought at the Battle of Wilson in August 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company, recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army and fought in the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James didn't join a secessionist company recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James didn't join a Separatist company recruited for the local Drew Lobus army and fought at the Battle of Wilson in August 1861.
4949	所罗门遇到的许多恶魔都是希腊、基督教、犹太人、埃及、阿拉伯和其他传统的恶魔。	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arab, and other traditions.	Many of the demons Solomon encountered were Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arabian and other traditional demons.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are not Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arab, and other traditions.	Many of the demons Solomon encountered were not Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arabian and other traditional demons.
606	弗朗索瓦丝·杜尔以 6-4 和 6-2 击败伊文·古拉贡。	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr by 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Françoise Toure defeated Evan Goulagon 6-4, 6-2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.	Evonne Goolagong didn't defeat Françoise Dürr by 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Françoise Toure didn't defeat Evan Goulagon 6-4, 6-2.
6360	R205 号公路是爱尔兰的一条区域公路，自卡文郡的 R199 号公路起延伸至利特里姆郡的爱尔兰北部边境，公路大部分位于弗玛纳郡内。	The R205 road is a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Cavan to the Northern Ireland border at County Leitrim, mostly in County Fermanagh.	The R205 is a regional road in Ireland that runs from the R199 in County Cavan to the northern Irish border in County Leitrim, mostly within County Fermanagh.	Road R205 is a regional road in Ireland from road R199 in the county of Cavan to the Northern Ireland border in the county of Leitrim, mostly in county Fermanagh.	The R205 road is not a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Cavan to the Northern Ireland border at County Leitrim, mostly in County Fermanagh.	The R205 is not a regional road in Ireland that runs from the R199 in County Cavan to the northern Irish border in County Leitrim, mostly within County Fermanagh.
4529	不过，麦当娜、普林斯和迈克尔·杰克逊都对该专辑产生了影响。	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson all had influences on the album.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson, however, were influenced on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were not influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson all didn't have influences on the album.
4794	“Aku Ankka”由 Sanoma 旗下公司 Sanoma Media（前身为 Sanoma Magazines）出版。	``Aku Ankka ''is published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	"Aku Ankka" is published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), a Sanoma company.	``Aku Ankka ''is published by Sanoma Media (formerly known as Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	``Aku Ankka ''is not published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	"Aku Ankka" is not published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), a Sanoma company.
3342	此物种是各种生态群的成员，包括旱生灌木、藤本植物与树木、热带植物、菌异养型植物以及不同的草木代表。	The species are members of various ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different herbaceous representatives.	This species is a member of various ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, fungal heterotrophs, and various herbaceous representatives.	The species are members of different ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophy, as well as various herbal representatives.	The species are not members of various ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different herbaceous representatives.	This species is not a member of various ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, fungal heterotrophs, and various herbaceous representatives.
5402	伍斯特郡是英格兰伍斯特的一个镇和县级城市。	Worcestershire is a town and county city of Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is a town and county city in Worcester, England.	Worcestershire is a city and county town of Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is not a town and county city of Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is not a town and county city in Worcester, England.
1520	托旺达溪位于布莱德福特郡西南方 ( 41.655805 , -76.850706 ) 的坎顿峡谷内。	Towanda Creek is located in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the canton valley.	Towanda Creek is located in Canton Gorge in southwest Bradfordshire ( 41.655805 , -76.850706 ).	Towanda Creek is located in southwestern Bradford County at (41.655805, -76.850706), in the valley of Canton.	Towanda Creek is not located in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the canton valley.	Towanda Creek is not located in Canton Gorge in southwest Bradfordshire ( 41.655805 , -76.850706 ).
5016	它是三个位于圣克鲁兹县、蒙特利半岛和圣路易斯奥比斯保县范围非常有限的地区的所在地。	It is home to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is home to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz County, the Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo County.	It is native to three very limited areas located in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is not home to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is not home to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz County, the Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo County.
5398	David David Hayes Prophater 担任报幕员，而杰夫·斯科特带领观众欣赏无乐器伴奏的歌唱。	David David Hayes Prophater served as announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an A cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater served as announcer, while Jeff Scott led the audience through unaccompanied singing.	David Hayes Prophater served as the announcer and Jeff Scott led the audience in a cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater didn't serve as announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an A cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater didn't serve as announcer, while Jeff Scott led the audience through unaccompanied singing.
4515	她成了瓦尔、鲍里斯和罗莎琳德·洛温的母亲，她的女儿是心理学教授。	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lowen, whose daughter is a professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin. Her daughter was a psychology professor.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was not professor of psychology.	She didn't become the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lowen, whose daughter is a professor of psychology.
2094	他曾与弗朗西斯科·格里马尔迪、Bartolomeo Picchiatti 及 Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto 等当代建筑师有过合作。	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francisco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He didn't collaborate with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He hasn't collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francisco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
7343	罗马天主教卢加齐教区位于乌干达坎帕拉省卢加齐市。	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Lugazi is a diocese in the city of Lugazi in the church province of Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is located in the city of Lugazi, Kampala Province, Uganda.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is a diocese located in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical province of Kampala in Uganda.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Lugazi is not a diocese in the city of Lugazi in the church province of Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is not located in the city of Lugazi, Kampala Province, Uganda.
6068	据美国人口调查局的数据显示，这个镇子的总面积为，其中陆地占，水域占 33.45%。	According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of, of which is land and, or 33.45%, is water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the total area of ​​the town is 33.45% land and water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the city is a total surface area of which has land and or 33.45%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of, of which is land and, or 33.45%, is not water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the total area of ​​the town is not 33.45% land and water.
138	1876 年，他移居加利福尼亚州的圣地亚哥，并于 1887 年搬至德克萨斯州的达拉斯。	In 1876, he moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 he moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	He moved to San Diego, California in 1876, and to Dallas, Texas in 1887.	In 1876, he didn't move to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 he didn't move to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.
6449	迈克尔·埃里克·雷德（森金·范·克里夫），好莱坞艺术学院的另一名学生，在冲浪设备故障时掉进了浴缸。	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the jacuzzi, when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Michael Eric Reid (Senkin Van Cleef), another student at the Hollywood Institute of the Arts, falls into a bathtub when his surfing equipment fails.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another student at Hollywood Arts, doesn't fall into the jacuzzi, when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Michael Eric Reid (Senkin Van Cleef), another student at the Hollywood Institute of the Arts, doesn't fall into a bathtub when his surfing equipment fails.
775	这张唱片由 Aníbal Kerpel 在洛杉矶录制，并在加利福尼亚州洛杉矶的“La Casa”工作室进行混音。	The album was recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel. Mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles, California.	The record was recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel and mixed at the "La Casa" studio in Los Angeles, California.	The album was recorded in Los Angeles, California by Anibal Kerpel, mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles.	The album was not recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel. Mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles, California.	The record was not recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel and mixed at the "La Casa" studio in Los Angeles, California.
2341	在该赛季初期，他是“搬家公司”联盟的一部分，同时还有霍华德、杰瑞米、麦克雷和尼克。	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	Earlier in the season, he was part of the "Movers" league, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCree and Nick.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, he was not part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	Earlier in the season, he was not part of the "Movers" league, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCree and Nick.
3608	AR5 提供有关气候变化的科学、技术和社会经济方面的最新知识。	The AR5 provides an update of knowledge on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.	AR5 provides up-to-date knowledge on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.	The AR5 provides an update of knowledge about the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.	The AR5 doesn't provide an update of knowledge on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.	AR5 doesn't provide up-to-date knowledge on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.
6361	它在 1943 年和 1944 年由德国人打捞起来，被盟军轰炸机击沉两次，最终在 1946 年和 1947 年报废。	It was raised in 1943 -- in 1944 by the Germans and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	It was salvaged by the Germans in 1943 and 1944, sunk twice by Allied bombers, and finally scrapped in 1946 and 1947.	She was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	It was not raised in 1943 -- in 1944 by the Germans and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	It was not salvaged by the Germans in 1943 and 1944, sunk twice by Allied bombers, and finally scrapped in 1946 and 1947.
7703	它是著名的朝圣中心，距离达尔瓦德 78 公里，距离贝尔高姆 37 公里。	It is a celebrated pilgrimage centre located 78 kilometres from Dharwad and 37 kilometres from Belgaum.	It is a famous pilgrimage center, 78 km from Darwad and 37 km from Belgaum.	It is a famous pilgrimage centre located 78 kilometres from Dharwad and 37 kilometres from Belgaum.	It is not a celebrated pilgrimage centre located 78 kilometres from Dharwad and 37 kilometres from Belgaum.	It is not a famous pilgrimage center, 78 km from Darwad and 37 km from Belgaum.
5482	汤普森的弟弟朱莉娅于 1863 年出生于俄亥俄州吉奥格县的查尔斯马丁霍尔。	The younger brother of Thompson, Julia, was born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was born in Charles Martin Hall in Giorg County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was born in 1863 in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio.	The younger brother of Thompson, Julia, was not born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was not born in Charles Martin Hall in Giorg County, Ohio in 1863.
7345	阿托卡位于麦吉克里克湖以东；安特勒斯以西和俄克拉荷马法里斯以北。	Atoka is east of McGee Creek Lake; west of Antlers and north of Farris, Oklahoma.	Atoka is located east of Lake McGee Creek; west of Antlers and north of Oklahoma Faris.	Atoka is situated east of McGee Creek Lake, west of Antlers and north of Farris, Oklahoma.	Atoka is not east of McGee Creek Lake; west of Antlers and north of Farris, Oklahoma.	Atoka is not located east of Lake McGee Creek; west of Antlers and north of Oklahoma Faris.
6279	她补充道，上述事件发生不久后就发生了强奸。	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the aforementioned incident.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	She didn't add that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She didn't add that the rape occurred shortly after the aforementioned incident.
7937	根据观察，她“拥有非常大的潜力，而且才华横溢，未来将成长为具有独特音乐个性的人。	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	According to the observation, she "has very great potential and is very talented, and will grow into a person with a unique musical personality in the future.	She was observed as ``has a very huge potential and a great talent, and will grow to an unique musical personality in future. ''	She was not observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	According to the observation, she " doesn't have very great potential and is very talented, and will grow into a person with a unique musical personality in the future.
5781	梅洛迪·克里滕登于 2004 年离开该团体单飞，而妮可在 2005 年的大部分时间在该团体演唱。	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Melody Crittenden left the group to go solo in 2004, while Nicole sang with the group for most of 2005.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to follow a solo career, and for most of the year 2005 Nicol sang with.	Melodie Crittenden didn't left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Melody Crittenden didn't left the group to go solo in 2004, while Nicole sang with the group for most of 2005.
7176	这家博物馆位于江北嘴中央商务区的中心地带，邻近嘉陵江和长江的汇流点。	The museum is centrally located in Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.	The museum is located in the heart of the Jiangbeizui Central Business District, near the confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.	The museum is centrally located in Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the river Jialing and the river Yangtze.	The museum is centrally not located in Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.	The museum is not located in the heart of the Jiangbeizui Central Business District, near the confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.
1804	借助这些创新，BRT 系统的最大可实现运力已提升为每小时 35,000 位乘客。	With these innovations, the maximum achieved capacity of a BRT system has been increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.	With these innovations, the maximum achievable capacity of the BRT system has been increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.	These innovations increased the maximum achieved capacity of a BRT system to 35,000 passengers per hour.	With these innovations, the maximum achieved capacity of a BRT system hasn't been increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.	With these innovations, the maximum achievable capacity of the BRT system hasn't been increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.
7890	一些重要的委员会签署了“金融委员会”、“仪式委员会”和“社会行动委员会”。	Some important committees sign the Finance Committee, the Ritual Committee and the Social Action Committee.	A number of important committees signed the "Finance Committee", "Ceremony Committee" and "Social Action Committee".	Some important committees include the Ritual Committee, the Social Action Committee, and the Finance Committee.	Some important committees don't sign the Finance Committee, the Ritual Committee and the Social Action Committee.	A number of important committees didn't sign the "Finance Committee", "Ceremony Committee" and "Social Action Committee".
4347	1933 年，卡特尔写道，在所有的欧洲种族中，“北欧人种在智力与气质稳定性方面进化得最为完善。”	In 1933 Cattell wrote that, of all the European races, the ``Nordic race was the most evolved in intelligence and stability of temperament. ''	In 1933, Carter wrote that of all European races, "Nordic races have evolved the most in intelligence and temperament stability."	In 1933, Cattell wrote that, of all European races, the ``Nordic race was the most developed intelligence and stability in temperament.	In 1933 Cattell didn't write that, of all the European races, the ``Nordic race was the most evolved in intelligence and stability of temperament. ''	In 1933, Carter didn't write that of all European races, "Nordic races have evolved the most in intelligence and temperament stability."
7888	他在 1999 年和 2003 年分别打败 Jarno Jokihaara 和 Marko Ritola 成为了芬兰冠军。他还在 2003 年成为了室内锦标赛的冠军。	He became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	He beat Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola to become the Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003 respectively. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	In 1999 and 2003 he became Finnish master, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Indoor - Champion.	He didn't become Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	He didn't beat Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola to become the Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003 respectively. He also became indoor champion in 2003.
6345	罗伯特·文森特·戈尔兹伯勒于 1937 年 10 月 3 日出生于芝加哥，为建筑师罗伯特·戈尔兹伯勒和威尔玛·（亚纳克）戈尔兹伯勒之子。	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was born October 3, 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsboro was born in Chicago on October 3, 1937, the son of architects Robert Goldsboro and Wilma (Yanack) Goldsboro.	Vincent Goldsborough was born in Chicago on October 3, 1937, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was not born October 3, 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsboro was not born in Chicago on October 3, 1937, the son of architects Robert Goldsboro and Wilma (Yanack) Goldsboro.
6497	该站由英国福克兰群岛属地调查队于 1947 年在温特岛创立为 F 站或阿根廷群岛”。	The station was founded by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1947 as Station F or Argentine Islands ''on Winter Island.	The station was established in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Territory Survey on Winter Island as Station F or Argentine Islands".	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Argentine Islands '', on Winter Island in 1947.	The station was not founded by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1947 as Station F or Argentine Islands ''on Winter Island.	The station was not established in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Territory Survey on Winter Island as Station F or Argentine Islands".
2195	它于 2011 年 12 月 22 日宣布并于 2012 年 2 月发行。	It was announced on 22 December 2011 and was released in February 2012.	It was announced on December 22, 2011 and released in February 2012.	It was registered on 22 December 2011 and was released in February 2012.	It was not announced on 22 December 2011 and was released in February 2012.	It was not announced on December 22, 2011 and released in February 2012.
159	凡伍德位于第 22 国会选区，也是新泽西州第 12 立法选区的组成部分。	Fanwood is located in the 22nd Congressional District and is part of the 12th New Jersey Legislative District.	Van Wood is located in the 22nd Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 12th Legislative District.	Fanwood is located in the 22nd Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 12th state legislative district.	Fanwood is not located in the 22nd Congressional District and is part of the 12th New Jersey Legislative District.	Van Wood is not located in the 22nd Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 12th Legislative District.
2002	阿苏萨太平洋大学的阿苏萨校区位于洛杉矶东北部的圣盖博谷。	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa Campus at Azusa Pacific University is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.
3385	在小平溪入口的上游，有一条名叫大平溪的小溪。	Upstream of the inflow of Little Flat Brook, the brook is known as Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the entrance of Xiaopingxi, there is a small stream called Dapingxi.	Upstream of the inflow of Little Flat Brook, the stream is known as Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the inflow of Little Flat Brook, the brook is not known as Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the entrance of Xiaopingxi, there is not a small stream called Dapingxi.
622	但是， 阿契美尼德时期的总督掌管着较小的疆域，拥有的权利和影响力可能比不上他们的帕提亚前辈。	The satraps of Achaemenid times, however, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the Achaemenid viceroys ruled over smaller territories and probably wielded less power and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the satraps of Achaemenid times governed smaller territories, and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	The satraps of Achaemenid times, however, didn't rule smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the Achaemenid viceroys didn't rule over smaller territories and probably wielded less power and influence than their Parthian predecessors.
4396	该市许多有权有势、极具影响力的马尔杜克人，纷纷派信使前来，递上邀请王子赴宴的请帖，打断了会议的进程。	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many dinner invitations for the Prince.	Many of the city's powerful and influential Marduks interrupted the meeting by sending messengers with invitations to invite the prince to a banquet.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many invitations for dinner for the Prince.	The meeting is not interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many dinner invitations for the Prince.	Many of the city's powerful and influential Marduks didn't interrupt the meeting by sending messengers with invitations to invite the prince to a banquet.
698	布拉杜河是罗马尼亚胡达萨河的一条支流。	The river Bradu is a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The Bradu River is a tributary of the Hudasa River in Romania.	The Bradu River is a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The river Bradu is not a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The Bradu River is not a tributary of the Hudasa River in Romania.
4929	纳迪亚·卢特菲（生于 1938 年 1 月 3 日，保拉·穆罕默德·穆斯塔法·沙菲克）是一位已息影的埃及女演员。	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born 3 January 1938, Paula Mohammad Mustafa Shafiq) is an Egyptian actress who has retired.	Nadia Lutfi (born Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq; 3 January 1938) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is not a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born 3 January 1938, Paula Mohammad Mustafa Shafiq) is not an Egyptian actress who has retired.
7813	这是西孟加拉邦纳迪亚县纳巴德维普镇的主要火车站。	This is the main railway station of Nabadwip town of Nadia District in the state of West Bengal.	This is the main railway station in Nabadvip Township, Nadia district, West Bengal.	This is the main railway station of Nabadwip City of Nadia District in the state of West Bengal.	This is not the main railway station of Nabadwip town of Nadia District in the state of West Bengal.	This is not the main railway station in Nabadvip Township, Nadia district, West Bengal.
2188	然而，在真实的连载中，超人在《最后的氪星之子》中首次遇见现在的萨德。	However, in true continuity, Superman meets the current Zod for the first time in ``Last Son ''.	However, in the actual series, Superman first met the current Thad in The Last Son of Krypton.	In real continuity, Superman in ``Last Son ''meets the current Zod for the first time.	However, in true continuity, Superman doesn't meet the current Zod for the first time in ``Last Son ''.	However, in the actual series, Superman first didn't meet the current Thad in The Last Son of Krypton.
1015	科罗拉多雪崩队 2008-2009 赛季是该职业运动队的第 37 个赛季，也是国家冰球联盟的第 30 个赛季和作为科罗拉多雪崩队的第 14 个赛季。	The season 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche was the 37th season of the franchise, 30th in the National Hockey League and the 14th as Colorado Avalanche.	The Colorado Avalanche's 2008-2009 season was the professional sports team's 37th season, the National Hockey League's 30th season, and the Colorado Avalanche's 14th season.	The 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche season was the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The season 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche was not the 37th season of the franchise, 30th in the National Hockey League and the 14th as Colorado Avalanche.	The Colorado Avalanche's 2008-2009 season was not the professional sports team's 37th season, the National Hockey League's 30th season, and the Colorado Avalanche's 14th season.
5218	马克·艾伦以 1-0 (104-0) 战胜马丁·古尔德而赢得决赛。	Mark Allen won the final 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final with a 1-0 (104-0) victory over Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final against Martin Gould with 1: 0 (104 -- 0).	Mark Allen didn't win the final 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen didn't win the final with a 1-0 (104-0) victory over Martin Gould.
6566	教皇在 1980 年提出的解决方案被智利接受，遭到阿根廷拒绝。	The Pope proposed in 1980 a solution that was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.	The solution proposed by the Pope in 1980 was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.	The Pope proposed a solution accepted by Chile in 1980 and rejected by Argentina.	The Pope didn't propose in 1980 a solution that was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.	The solution proposed by the Pope in 1980 was not accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.
7777	苏利耶·德·莫朗在驻中国的法国外交使团中工作了多年，期间曾在中国的多个城市担任法国领事。	Soulié de Morant worked several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulier de Mourat worked for many years in the French diplomatic corps in China, during which time he served as the French consul in various Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant served for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he worked as a French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant didn't work several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulier de Mourat didn't work for many years in the French diplomatic corps in China, during which time he served as the French consul in various Chinese cities.
2843	他于 1940 年 5 月 5 日出生于君士坦丁堡（伊斯坦布尔），2011 年 11 月 19 日因癌症在雅典去世。	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 May 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on May 5, 1940 and died of cancer in Athens on November 19, 2011.	He was born on 5 May 1940 in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer in Athens on 19 November 2011.	He was not born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 May 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	He was not born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on May 5, 1940 and died of cancer in Athens on November 19, 2011.
5898	犬种标准对这类狗的描述是，拥有坚韧的性格与敏锐的个性，不相信陌生人。	The breed standard describes the dog as having a strong temperament and sharp individuality, distrustful of strangers.	Breed standards describe this type of dog as having a tough personality with a sharp personality that doesn't trust strangers.	The breed standard describes the dog as a strong temperament and a sharp individuality, distrustful of strangers.	The breed standard doesn't describe the dog as having a strong temperament and sharp individuality, distrustful of strangers.	Breed standards describe this type of dog as having a tough personality with a sharp personality that trusts strangers.
6213	监管是神职人员的第二次任命，其首次任命还未确定。	Regulation is the second ordination of a cleric whose original ordination is questionable.	Supervision is the second appointment of the clergy, whose first appointment is yet to be determined.	Reordination is the second ordination of a cleric whose original ordination is questionable.	Regulation is not the second ordination of a cleric whose original ordination is questionable.	Supervision is not the second appointment of the clergy, whose first appointment is yet to be determined.
752	1865 年 8 月 17 日，纽约第三志愿者骑兵队和纽约第十六志愿者骑兵队合并为纽约第十三临时骑兵队。	On 17 August 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer - Cavalry with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry was consolidated into the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	On August 17, 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer Cavalry and the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry merged into the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	On August 17, 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer Cavalry was consolidated with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry to form the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	On 17 August 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer - Cavalry with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry was not consolidated into the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	On August 17, 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer Cavalry and the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry didn't merge into the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.
6240	学校拥有设施完善的教室和高素质师资队伍，大部分班级都很好。	The school has well maintained classrooms and an intelligent faculty, most of the classes are good classes.	The school has well-equipped classrooms and high-quality teachers, and most of the classes are very good.	The school has well maintained classrooms and smart faculty. Most of the classes are good classes.	The school has well maintained classrooms and an intelligent faculty, most of the classes are not good classes.	The school doesn't have well-equipped classrooms and high-quality teachers, and most of the classes are very good.
6803	虽然象棋的残局需要非常出色的技巧才能玩好，但也有许多广为人知的获胜和平局棋谱。	Though xiangqi endgames require remarkable skill to be played well, there are a number of widely known book wins and book draws.	While chess endgames require great skill to play well, there are many well-known winning and tie games.	Although Xiangqi - endgames require remarkable skill to be played well, there are a number of widely known book wins and book draws.	Though xiangqi endgames require remarkable skill to be played well, there are not a number of widely known book wins and book draws.	While chess endgames require great skill to play well, there are not many well-known winning and tie games.
2934	佩特克尔湖国家公园是芬兰北卡累利阿伊洛曼齐区的一个国家公园。	The Petkeljärvi National Park is a national park in Finland in the region of Ilomantsi in North Karelia.	Peteker Lake National Park is a national park in the Ilomanzi district of North Karelia, Finland.	Petkeljärvi National Park is a national park in Finland in the Ilomantsi region of North Karelia.	The Petkeljärvi National Park is not a national park in Finland in the region of Ilomantsi in North Karelia.	Peteker Lake National Park is not a national park in the Ilomanzi district of North Karelia, Finland.
7515	赫克托博士、寇迪和克里斯蒂找到了将佛利斯特扣为人质的克里斯蒂博士。	Dr. Hector, Cody and Christie find Dr. Christie, who takes Forrest hostage.	Dr. Hector, Cody, and Christie find Dr. Christie, who is holding Forrester hostage.	Hector, Cody, and Christie find Dr. Christie who takes Forrest hostage.	Dr. Hector, Cody and Christie don't find Dr. Christie, who takes Forrest hostage.	Dr. Hector, Cody, and Christie don't find Dr. Christie, who is holding Forrester hostage.
6454	19 世纪，批判更为激烈：巴洛克式评论家约翰·罗斯金声称英国雕塑不仅拙劣，而且败坏道德。	In the nineteenth century, critique went even further: the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the 19th century, the criticism was more intense: the Baroque critic John Ruskin claimed that British sculpture was not only clumsy but also morally corrupt.	In the 19th century, criticism went even further; the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the nineteenth century, critique went even further: the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the 19th century, the criticism was more intense: the Baroque critic John Ruskin claimed that British sculpture was only clumsy but also morally corrupt.
618	它距弗吉尼亚州罗阿诺克市西北部 20 英里，弗吉尼亚州格拉斯哥市东南部约两英里。	It is 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and about two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.	It is 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia, and about two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.	It is 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and about two miles southeast from Glasgow, Virginia.	It is not 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and about two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.	It is not 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia, and about two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.
5353	所有格词干“-m”的以上例子用于第一人称单数。	The above examples for the possessive theme ``-m ''were for the first person singular.	The above example of the possessive stem "-m" is for the first person singular.	The above examples for the possessive theme ``-m ''were singular to the first person.	The above examples for the possessive theme ``-m ''were not for the first person singular.	The above example of the possessive stem "-m" is not for the first person singular.
5685	阿波罗尼亚相当于现在的保加利亚索佐波尔，而西利布里亚则是马尔马拉海岸上的锡利夫里。	Apollonia corresponds to modern Sozopol, in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia was the equivalent of what is now Sozopol, Bulgaria, while Silibria was Silivri on the coast of Marmara.	Apollonia corresponds to the modern Sozopol in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is Silivri on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia doesn't correspond to modern Sozopol, in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia was not the equivalent of what is now Sozopol, Bulgaria, while Silibria was Silivri on the coast of Marmara.
3447	他在柏林书房的墙上挂着三幅人物像：叔本华、麦克斯韦、法拉第。	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	He has three portraits on the wall of his Berlin study: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In his Berlin study three figures didn't hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	He doesn't have three portraits on the wall of his Berlin study: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.
5580	然而，为了击败斯洛伐克，德里克必须成为吸血鬼刺客。	However, in order to defeat Slovak, Derek must become a vampire assassin.	However, in order to defeat Slovakia, Derek must become a vampire assassin.	However, in order to defeat Slovak, Derek must become a vampire attacker.	However, in order to defeat Slovak, Derek must not become a vampire assassin.	However, in order to defeat Slovakia, Derek must not become a vampire assassin.
4512	朗出生在澳大利亚，年轻时迁徙到以色列并于 1961 年在那里定居。	Lang was born in Australia, migrated to Israel as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Born in Australia, Long migrated to Israel at a young age and settled there in 1961.	Born in Australia, Lang migrated to Israel as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Lang was not born in Australia, migrated to Israel as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Born in Australia, Long didn't migrate to Israel at a young age and settled there in 1961.
1366	接下来，耶尔与演员 Darshan 一起出现在卡纳达语电影《Jaggu Dada》中。	Next appeared Iyer in the Kannada - film ``Jaggu Dada ''with the actor Darshan.	Next, Yael appeared in the Kannada-language film Jaggu Dada alongside actor Darshan.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film ``Jaggu Dada ''with actor Darshan.	Next didn't appear Iyer in the Kannada - film ``Jaggu Dada ''with the actor Darshan.	Next, Yael didn't appear in the Kannada-language film Jaggu Dada alongside actor Darshan.
6000	至于康涅狄格州的场景，在南非开普敦摄制。	For the scenes in Connecticut the filming took place in Cape Town, South Africa.	As for the Connecticut scene, it was filmed in Cape Town, South Africa.	Filming took place in Cape Town, South Africa for the scenes set in Connecticut.	For the scenes in Connecticut the filming didn't take place in Cape Town, South Africa.	As for the Connecticut scene, it was not filmed in Cape Town, South Africa.
1444	科尼利厄斯·奥拉通吉·阿德巴约是尼日利亚前参议员，曾任州长，后又成为尼日利亚联邦交通部部长。	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former Senator of Nigeria, who was a state governor, and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Oratungi Adebayo is a former Nigerian Senator, former Governor, and later Minister of Transport of the Federal Ministry of Nigeria.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former senator of Nigeria, who became a governor, and was later head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is not a former Senator of Nigeria, who was a state governor, and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Oratungi Adebayo is not a former Nigerian Senator, former Governor, and later Minister of Transport of the Federal Ministry of Nigeria.
616	她由德国人打捞起，并于 1943 至 1944 年间被盟军轰炸机击沉两次，最终于 1946 至 1947 年间报废。	She was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	She was salvaged by the Germans, sunk twice by Allied bombers between 1943 and 1944, and eventually scrapped between 1946 and 1947.	It was raised by the Germans in 1943 -- 1944 and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	She was not raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	She was not salvaged by the Germans, sunk twice by Allied bombers between 1943 and 1944, and eventually scrapped between 1946 and 1947.
4307	威廉·哈里斯是威廉·哈里斯的第二个儿子，他的哥哥克里斯托弗·哈里斯是奥克汉普顿的国会议员。	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris is the second son of William Harris, and his older brother Christopher Harris is MP for Oakhampton.	Harris was the second son of William Harris. His elder brother, Christopher Harris, was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was not the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris is not the second son of William Harris, and his older brother Christopher Harris is MP for Oakhampton.
3679	卢浮宫绘画的光线更加柔和，而且看起来更加温暖，但这可能是表面清漆的色调产生的效果。	The lighting in the Louvre - painting is softer and seems warmer, but this can be the result of the tone of the varnish on the surface.	Louvre paintings are softer in light and appear warmer, but this may be an effect of the tones of the surface varnishes.	The lighting in the Louvre painting is softer and appears warmer, but this may be the result of the tone of the varnish on the surface.	The lighting in the Louvre - painting is not softer and seems warmer, but this can be the result of the tone of the varnish on the surface.	Louvre paintings are not softer in light and appear warmer, but this may be an effect of the tones of the surface varnishes.
4809	2012 年，吉尔出演了翻拍自萨尔瓦多·罗亚尔电影的电视剧“Mundo Man ay Maguna”，在其中饰演詹妮弗·拉佩纳。	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films ''Mundo Man ay Magunaw ``as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gill starred in the TV series "Mundo Man ay Maguna", a remake of Salvador Royal's film, in which she played Jennifer Rapena.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV remake of the Salvador Royales film ``Mundo Man ay Magunaw ''as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil didn't become part of the TV - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films ''Mundo Man ay Magunaw ``as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gill didn't star in the TV series "Mundo Man ay Maguna", a remake of Salvador Royal's film, in which she played Jennifer Rapena.
7995	2002 年，英国制作人文森特·斯托姆菲尔德发行此首歌曲，而后 Independiente 将其报道为“甜蜜而和谐 02”。	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as ``Sweet Harmony 02 ''by Independiente.	In 2002, British producer Vincent Stormfield released the song, which Independiente later reported as "Sweet and Harmonious 02".	In 2002, the song was published by the British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered by Independiente as ''Sweet Harmony 02 ``.	In 2002, the song was not released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as ``Sweet Harmony 02 ''by Independiente.	In 2002, British producer Vincent Stormfield didn't release the song, which Independiente later reported as "Sweet and Harmonious 02".
853	“粉碎者”于 1987 年 6 月 13 日在日本出版，并由东宝株式会社发行。	``Shatterer ''was published on 13 June 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.	"Smasher" was published in Japan on June 13, 1987 and distributed by Toho Corporation.	``Shatterer ''was released in Japan on 13 June 1987 where it was distributed by Toho.	``Shatterer ''was not published on 13 June 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.	"Smasher" was not published in Japan on June 13, 1987 and distributed by Toho Corporation.
1143	圣公会传统中新教和天主教倾向之间的差异程度通常在特定圣公会教会和整个圣公会社区都存在争议。	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic tendencies within the Anglican tradition is routinely a debate both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican community.	The degree of difference between Protestant and Catholic tendencies in the Anglican tradition is often disputed within a particular Anglican church and in the Anglican community as a whole.	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic tendencies within the Anglican tradition is routinely a matter of debate both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican Communion.	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic tendencies within the Anglican tradition is not routinely a debate both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican community.	The degree of difference between Protestant and Catholic tendencies in the Anglican tradition is often not disputed within a particular Anglican church and in the Anglican community as a whole.
7139	从霍基蒂卡到鲁阿塔普为第一部分线路，于 1906 年 11 月 9 日完工，而 1909 年 4 月 1 日全线贯通前往罗斯的线路。	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first part of the line from Hokitika to Ruatap was completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909, the full line to Ross was completed.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and the full line to Ross was opened on 1 April 1909.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was not completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first part of the line from Hokitika to Ruatap was not completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909, the full line to Ross was completed.
6955	《Hoppkorv》是美国布鲁斯摇滚乐队金枪鱼合唱团的第七张专辑，他们最后一张录音室专辑是为 Grunt Records 录制的 Grunt BFL1-1920。	Hoppkorv was the seventh album of American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv is the seventh album by American blues rock band Tuna Choir, their last studio album being Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was not the seventh album of American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv is not the seventh album by American blues rock band Tuna Choir, their last studio album being Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.
5000	那时，该国的所有者是莱斯利·弗农·卡尔卡特，他同意与约翰逊先生签订 99 年的租约。	At that time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At the time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, who agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr. Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was not Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At the time, the owner of the country was not Leslie Vernon Calcutt, who agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr. Johnson.
617	二月初所报道的火灾数为 73 起，其中 26 起失控，预计控制时间以应对下一个月的火灾。	The number of fires reported at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	The number of fires reported in early February was 73, 26 of which were out of control.	The number of reported fires in early February was out of control at 73 with 26 and expected time to control another month of fire.	The number of fires didn't report at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	The number of fires reported in early February was not 73, 26 of which were out of control.
6453	亚历山大·鲍姆加特纳（1841 年 6 月 27 日生于瑞士圣加伦，1910 年于卢森堡去世）是诗人和文学史作家。	Alexander Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland; died in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born 27 June 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland, died 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer of literary history.	Alexander Baumgartner (born in St. Gall, Switzerland, 27 June 1841; died Luxembourg, 1910) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland; didn't die in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born 27 June 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland, died 1910 in Luxembourg) was not a poet and writer of literary history.
5647	若昂·马丁斯·佩纳和弗朗西斯科·德·保拉·胡列塔·佩纳出生于里约热内卢，父亲是马丁斯·佩纳。	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born in Rio de Janeiro, to Martins Pena.	Joao Martins Pena and Francisco de Paula Julieta Pena were born in Rio de Janeiro to Martins Pena.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born in Rio de Janeiro to Pena Martins.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was not born in Rio de Janeiro, to Martins Pena.	Joao Martins Pena and Francisco de Paula Julieta Pena were not born in Rio de Janeiro to Martins Pena.
7637	例外期间是 2005 年年底至 2009 年，在此期间他在瑞典为 Carlstad United BK 效力，在塞尔维亚为 FC Terek Grozny 和俄罗斯 FK Borac Čačak 效力。	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception period was from late 2005 to 2009, during which he played for Carlstad United BK in Sweden, FC Terek Grozny in Serbia and Russia FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was not between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception period was not from late 2005 to 2009, during which he played for Carlstad United BK in Sweden, FC Terek Grozny in Serbia and Russia FK Borac Čačak.
4074	1960 年，约翰·T·德里斯科尔和帕特里克·F·麦克多诺竞选马萨诸塞州的财务主管和接管人，他在民主党初选中位列第三，仅次于肯尼迪。	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Massachusetts treasurer and receiver, and he finished third in the Democratic primary, behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts. He finished third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was not third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough didn't run for Massachusetts treasurer and receiver, and he finished third in the Democratic primary, behind Kennedy.
680	美国明尼苏达州道奇县是弗农镇的一个镇。	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is a township in Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is a town in Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is a community in Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is not a township in Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is not a town in Vernon Township.
2560	英式烹饪在早期殖民地居民的烹调风格中占据统治地位，但随着来自其他国家的新移民涌入，其他国家的汤也流行起来。	English cooking dominated early colonial cooking; but as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups gained popularity.	British cooking dominated the cooking styles of the early colonists, but with the influx of newcomers from other countries, soups from other countries also became popular.	Cooking dominated early colonial cuisine, but other national soups gained popularity as new immigrants arrived from other countries.	English cooking didn't dominate early colonial cooking; but as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups gained popularity.	British cooking didn't dominate the cooking styles of the early colonists, but with the influx of newcomers from other countries, soups from other countries also became popular.
4427	他的父亲是林肯郡下院议员威廉·斯基普威思和安妮·托斯比的私生子。	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of Lincolnshire MPs William Skipwith and Anne Tosby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Lincolnshire member of parliament, and Anne Tothby.	His father was not the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was not the illegitimate son of Lincolnshire MPs William Skipwith and Anne Tosby.
7939	他的名字阿福拉比的意思是“生于财富”。他在尼日利亚的昵称是机械战警，原因在于他僵硬的动作。	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name Afrabi means "born of wealth". He is nicknamed Robocop in Nigeria due to his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname is in Nigeria Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, doesn't mean ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name Afrabi doesn't mean "born of wealth". He is nicknamed Robocop in Nigeria due to his stiff movements.
4453	在联合国、亚洲开发银行和世界银行的支持下，老挝人民民主共和国在 1974 年创立了 Stage II 基金。	With the support of the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao PDR founded the Stage II fund in 1974.	The Lao People's Democratic Republic established the Stage II Fund in 1974 with the support of the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank.	In 1974 Lao PDR established the Stage II fund with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank.	With the support of the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao PDR doesn't founder the Stage II fund in 1974.	The Lao People's Democratic Republic didn't establish the Stage II Fund in 1974 with the support of the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank.
2999	Khap 是指一个氏族或相关氏族的族群，主要分布在北方邦东部和哈里亚纳邦西部的贾特人中。	A Khap is a clan, or a group of related clans, mainly among the Jats of eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.	Khap refers to a clan or group of related clans, mainly among the Jaats in eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.	A A Khap is a clan or group of related clans, mainly under the jats of the eastern Uttar Pradesh and Western Haryana.	A Khap is not a clan, or a group of related clans, mainly among the Jats of eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.	Khap doesn't refer to a clan or group of related clans, mainly among the Jaats in eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.
2552	哈德威克 1997 年出演“加冕街”，饰演娜奥美·拉塞尔，1998 年再度出演，饰演希拉·迪克森。	Hardwick appeared in ``Coronation Street ''in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared in "Coronation Street" in 1997 as Naomi Russell, and again in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	In 1997, she appeared as Naomi Russell in ``Coronation Street ''and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick didn't appear in ``Coronation Street ''in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick didn't appear in "Coronation Street" in 1997 as Naomi Russell, and again in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.
6210	在新的电视连续剧《Dead Gorgeous》中，亚历桑德拉·柯平杰扮演幺妹哈泽尔一角。	In the new TV-series ''Dead Gorgeous'', Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	In the new TV series "Dead Gorgeous", Alexandra Coppinger plays the youngest sister Hazel.	Alexandra Coppinger played the role of Hazel, the youngest sister, in the new TV series ``Dead Gorgeous ''.	In the new TV-series ''Dead Gorgeous'', Alexandra Coppinger didn't play the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	In the new TV series "Dead Gorgeous", Alexandra Coppinger doesn't play the youngest sister Hazel.
7910	“双色羽扇豆”有细茎和短小、多毛并按掌状排列的叶子。	``Lupinus bicolor ''has a thin stem and short, hairy, palmately-arranged leaves.	"Bicolor Lupins" have thin stems and short, hairy leaves arranged in palms.	``Lupinus bicolor ''has a thin stem and short, hairy, palm-like leaves.	``Lupinus bicolor '' doesn't have a thin stem and short, hairy, palmately-arranged leaves.	"Bicolor Lupins" don't have thin stems and short, hairy leaves arranged in palms.
4959	克洛维斯·卡列巴拉出生于乌干达西部 Harugongo 村 Kichwamba Sub 县的“卡巴罗莱区”。	Clovis Kalyebara was born in the ``Kabarole District '', Kichwamba Sub County, in the village of Harugongo, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalebara was born in the "Kabarole District" of Kichwamba Sub County, Harugongo Village, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was born in ``Kabarole District '', Kichwamba Sub County, in Harugongo Village, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was not born in the ``Kabarole District '', Kichwamba Sub County, in the village of Harugongo, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalebara was not born in the "Kabarole District" of Kichwamba Sub County, Harugongo Village, Western Uganda.
6348	在第一年里，拉尔科·霍伊尔收到了叔叔维克多·拉尔科·埃雷拉给出的一些建议，他在利马建立了相同的博物馆。	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During the first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle Victor Larco Herrera, who established the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle didn't receive some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During the first year, Larco Hoyle didn't receive some advice from his uncle Victor Larco Herrera, who established the same museum in Lima.
3319	1989 年 11 月，德莱尼成为纽约证券交易所的一员，并且担任 Henderson Brothers , Inc. 和 Bear Wagner 的高级董事总经理。	In November 1989, Delaney became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was senior managing director with Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and served as Senior Managing Director of Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was a Senior Managing Director at Henderson Brothers, Inc., and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney didn't become a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was senior managing director with Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney didn't become a member of the New York Stock Exchange and served as Senior Managing Director of Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.
6894	随后宣布它已确定作为专辑的一首单曲，该专辑将于 10 月 15 日在英国上市，10 月 23 日在美国上市。	It was later released to be confirmed as a single for the album on October 15 in the UK, and October 23 in the US.	It was subsequently announced that it had been confirmed as a single from the album, which would be released in the UK on October 15th and in the US on October 23rd.	It was later released to be confirmed as a single for the album on 15 October in the UK and on 23 October in the USA.	It was later not released to be confirmed as a single for the album on October 15 in the UK, and October 23 in the US.	It was subsequently not announced that it had been confirmed as a single from the album, which would be released in the UK on October 15th and in the US on October 23rd.
3975	他的子女是卡洛琳和辛西娅（1970 年逝世）、布伦南、马特·佩洛西、劳伦斯（生于 1971 年）和安德鲁（生于 1981 年）。	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children are Caroline and Cynthia (d. 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Lawrence (b. 1971) and Andrew (b. 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	His children were not Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children are not Caroline and Cynthia (d. 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Lawrence (b. 1971) and Andrew (b. 1981).
3610	之后，在昂古莱姆伯爵查理遇袭期间，理查德加入了阿德玛麾下。	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Richard would be Adhemar's troops.	Later, during the attack on Charles, Count of Angoulême, Richard joined Adema.	Later, Richard would be Adhemar's forces during the attack on Andrew, count of Angoulême.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Richard would not be Adhemar's troops.	Later, during the attack on Charles, Count of Angoulême, Richard didn't join Adema.
5390	奥立佛·高德史密斯是诗人、剧作家和作家罗伯特·高德史密斯的祖父，据普里奥尔所说，他是这个家族第一个在 Ballyoughter 定居的人。	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of the poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith, was, according to Prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith was the grandfather of poet, playwright and author Robert Goldsmith and, according to Prior, was the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	According to Prior, Oliver Goldsmith the grandfather of the poet, playwright and novelist Robert Goldsmith was the first of the family to settle at Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of the poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith, was not , according to Prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith was not the grandfather of poet, playwright and author Robert Goldsmith and, according to Prior, was the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.
6949	第一首歌曲“每个清晨”是上一首歌曲“清晨”的原音吉他版。	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first song "Every Morning" is an acoustic guitar version of the previous song "Early Morning".	The first Every Morning ``track is the acoustic guitar version of the last track ''Morning``.	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is not the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first song "Every Morning" is not an acoustic guitar version of the previous song "Early Morning".
6611	它的叶子沿树枝交替排列，呈现长矛状、蛋状或近乎圆形，并拥有茎长。	Its leaves are arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a stalk long.	Its leaves, which alternate along the branches, are spear-shaped, egg-shaped, or nearly round, and have long stems.	Its leaves are arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a long stem.	Its leaves are not arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a stalk long.	Its leaves, which alternate along the branches, are not spear-shaped, egg-shaped, or nearly round, and have long stems.
7014	然后他搬去了瑞士，之后又去了意大利，在那里他遇到了雪莱和拜伦。	Then he moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met with Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and then to Italy, where he met Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and later Italy where he met Shelley and Byron.	Then he didn't move to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met with Shelley and Byron.	He then didn't move to Switzerland and then to Italy, where he met Shelley and Byron.
6962	卡图瓦纳分区秘书处是位于斯里兰卡南部汉班托塔省的分区秘书处。	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of the Southern Province of Hambantota District, Sri Lanka.	The Katowana Divisional Secretariat is the Divisional Secretariat located in Hambantota Province, southern Sri Lanka.	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Hambantota District, of Southern Province, Sri Lanka.	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is not a Divisional Secretariat of the Southern Province of Hambantota District, Sri Lanka.	The Katowana Divisional Secretariat is not the Divisional Secretariat located in Hambantota Province, southern Sri Lanka.
2504	2016 年 11 月 13 日，大卫·马查多在晓臣市附近的福克斯·格罗夫公园谋杀了副手丹尼斯·华莱士。	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Dennis Wallace was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado murdered his deputy, Dennis Wallace, in Fox Grove Park, near Hillson.	On 13 November 2016, David Machado murdered Dennis Wallace in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Dennis Wallace was not murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado didn't murder his deputy, Dennis Wallace, in Fox Grove Park, near Hillson.
796	它讨论了最重要的艺术创作社区并列出了最知名的画家中的二十三位的作品。	It discussed the most important art producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the best known artists.	It discusses the most important art-making communities and lists the work of twenty-three of the most well-known painters.	It discussed the major art producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the best known artists.	It didn't discuss the most important art producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the best known artists.	It doesn't discuss the most important art-making communities and lists the work of twenty-three of the most well-known painters.
1260	该庙是南亚印度教徒和韩国移民的文化及宗教中心。	The temple serves as a cultural and religious centre for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from the Korean countries.	The temple is a cultural and religious center for South Asian Hindus and Korean immigrants.	The temple serves as the cultural and religious center for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from Korean countries.	The temple doesn't serve as a cultural and religious centre for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from the Korean countries.	The temple is not a cultural and religious center for South Asian Hindus and Korean immigrants.
7634	阿苏萨太平洋大学的阿苏萨校区位于洛杉矶东北部的圣盖博谷。	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is situated in the San Gabriel Valley, located northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is not located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is not located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.
5622	Cancellopollia gracilis 是一种海螺、真正的蛾螺科腹足类软体动物，也属海洋蛾螺。	Cancellopollia gracilis is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Cancellopollia gracilis is a conch, true gastropod mollusk of the Mothidae family, also a marine moth snail.	Cancellopollia gracilis is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the marine whelks.	Cancellopollia gracilis is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Cancellopollia gracilis is not a conch, true gastropod mollusk of the Mothidae family, also a marine moth snail.
6367	“Hymenaea stiginocarpa”多生长在巴拉圭北部、中部和东部以及巴西。	``Hymenaea stiginocarpa ''occurs in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	"Hymenaea stiginocarpa" grows mostly in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and Brazil.	``Hymenaea stiginocarpa ''comes in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	``Hymenaea stiginocarpa '' doesn't occur in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	"Hymenaea stiginocarpa" doesn't grow mostly in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and Brazil.
7007	佛蒙特在北面与米查姆接壤，在西面与鲁纳沃丁和森林山接壤，在南面与佛蒙特接壤，在东面与万提纳和林伍德接壤。	Vermont is bordered to the north of Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south by Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont is bordered by Meacham to the north, Runawardine and Forest Hills to the west, Vermont to the south, and Wantina and Lynnwood to the east.	Vermont is bordered by Mitcham to the north, Nunawading and Forest Hill to the west, Vermont South to the south and Wantirna and Ringwood to the east.	Vermont is not bordered to the north of Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south by Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont is not bordered by Meacham to the north, Runawardine and Forest Hills to the west, Vermont to the south, and Wantina and Lynnwood to the east.
1242	他娶了伊丽莎白·杨 (1854-1932 年)，并且是轮船大亨托马斯·费恩利和地主 N·O·杨·费恩利的父亲。	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He married Elizabeth Young (1854-1932) and was the father of Thomas Fearnley, a steamship tycoon, and N.O. Young Fearnley, a landowner.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was not married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He didn't marry Elizabeth Young (1854-1932) and was the father of Thomas Fearnley, a steamship tycoon, and N.O. Young Fearnley, a landowner.
2342	在他位于柏林的书房中，墙上挂着三幅画像：叔本华、马克斯韦尔、法拉第。	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his study in Berlin, three portraits hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures didn't hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his study in Berlin, three portraits don't hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.
7	Timora diarhoda 是夜蛾科的一种蛾类。它被发现于非洲，包括南非。	Timora diarhoda is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa, including South Africa.	Timora diarhoda is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa, including South Africa.	Diarhoda is a kind of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South Africa including Africa.	Timora diarhoda is not a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa, including South Africa.	Timora diarhoda is not a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa, including South Africa.
3151	1938 年，他成为英埃苏丹的政府人类学家，并对努巴开展实地考察。	In 1938 he became the Government Anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938, he became a government anthropologist for the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted a field trip to Nuba.	In 1938 he became anthropologist of the anglo-Egyptian Sudan to the government and led fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938 he didn't become the Government Anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938, he didn't become a government anthropologist for the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted a field trip to Nuba.
3300	废弃的循道宗教堂是 Upsall 村为数不多的砖砌建筑之一。	The abandoned methodist chapel is one of the few brick buildings in Upsall.	The abandoned Methodist church is one of the few brick buildings in the village of Upsall.	The abandoned Methodist chapel is one of the few brick-built buildings in Upsall.	The abandoned methodist chapel is not one of the few brick buildings in Upsall.	The abandoned Methodist church is not one of the few brick buildings in the village of Upsall.
4067	这扩大了罗德岛与马萨诸塞州之间的冲突区域。	This enlarged the area of conflict between Rhode Island and the Province of Massachusetts.	This widens the conflict zone between Rhode Island and Massachusetts.	This widened the area of conflict between Rhode Island and the province of Massachusetts.	This didn't enlarge the area of conflict between Rhode Island and the Province of Massachusetts.	This doesn't widen the conflict zone between Rhode Island and Massachusetts.
5512	布伦达·舒尔茨分别以 6 -- 4、1 -- 6、7 -- 6 的成绩击败艾琳娜·斯皮尔利亚。	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz beat Elena Spielia 6-4, 1-6, 7-6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea with 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz didn't defeat Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz didn't beat Elena Spielia 6-4, 1-6, 7-6.
5038	Doris、Dūris 或 Dûris 近似于 Duris，同时也以其法语拼写 Douris 著称，它是一座正式坐落的村庄。	Doris, Dūris, or Dûris, approximately Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is a village located formally.	Doris, Dūris or Dûris, which is similar to Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is an officially situated village.	approximately Doris, Duris, or Dûris, about Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is a village formally located.	Doris, Dūris, or Dûris, approximately Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is not a village located formally.	Doris, Dūris or Dûris, which is similar to Duris and also known by its French spelling Douris, is not an officially situated village.
6916	贡纳·汉森表示：“根据托比和金姆的说法，他佩戴面具的原因在于这个面具确实决定他的性格。	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen said: "According to Toby and Kim, the reason he wears the mask is that it really defines his character.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen didn't comment : ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen didn't say : "According to Toby and Kim, the reason he wears the mask is that it really defines his character.
3838	若纳唐·达斯涅雷斯·德韦吉以 7 - 6、7 - 6 战胜安德烈·库兹涅佐夫赢得了决赛。	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnieres Dveghi won the final with a 7-6, 7-6 victory over Andrei Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final with 7-6, 7-6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy didn't win the final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnieres Dveghi didn't win the final with a 7-6, 7-6 victory over Andrei Kuznetsov.
1604	它也是俄罗斯第五高、欧洲第六高的建筑，同时也是全球 90 座超高摩天大楼之一。	It is also the fifth highest building in Russia, the sixth highest in Europe and one of the 90 Supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It is also the fifth tallest building in Russia, the sixth tallest building in Europe, and one of the 90 tallest skyscrapers in the world.	It is also the fifth tallest building in Russia, the sixth tallest in Europe and one of the 90 supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It is not also the fifth highest building in Russia, the sixth highest in Europe and one of the 90 Supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It is not also the fifth tallest building in Russia, the sixth tallest building in Europe, and one of the 90 tallest skyscrapers in the world.
1565	麦卡锡在奥克兰出生，但在四岁时与他的父母一起搬到了加利福尼亚州旧金山。	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	McCarthy was born in Oakland but moved to San Francisco, California with his parents when he was four years old.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved to San Francisco, California at the age of four years with his parents.	McCarthy was not born in Auckland, but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	McCarthy was not born in Oakland but moved to San Francisco, California with his parents when he was four years old.
3338	在被问到如何念他的名字时，他告诉“文学文摘”，我的名字读起来和“ear'; en-house” 的拼读发音类似。	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest ''My name is pronounced as if`` ear '; en-house'' spelled.	When asked how to pronounce his name, he told Literary Digest that my name is pronounced like "ear'; en-house".	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest`` My name is pronounced as if spelled ''ear'en-house ``.''	Asked how to say his name, he didn't tell ``The Literary Digest ''My name is pronounced as if`` ear '; en-house'' spelled.	When asked how to pronounce his name, he didn't tell Literary Digest that my name is pronounced like "ear'; en-house".
3389	在 1967 年的 NBA 选秀大会上，他在第 77 轮（以第 7 顺位）被费城 76 人队选中。	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick in total) of the NBA - Draft 1967.	He was not selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was not selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.
3625	它作为巴生谷卫星城的地位与其地处马来西亚吉隆坡中心位置有关。	Its status as a satellite town of Klang Valley is tied to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite city of the Klang Valley is related to its central location in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite town of the Klang Valley is connected to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite town of Klang Valley is not tied to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite city of the Klang Valley is not related to its central location in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
6539	在奥地利的菲利普二世于 1578 年去世后，约翰允许她选择自己的住所。	After Philip II of Austria died in 1578, John allowed her to choose her own residence.	After the death of Philip II of Austria in 1578, John allowed her to choose her own residence.	After Philip II died of Austria in 1578, John allowed her to choose his own residence.	After Philip II of Austria died in 1578, John didn't allow her to choose her own residence.	After the death of Philip II of Austria in 1578, John didn't allow her to choose her own residence.
5387	然后摔跤手跳起来向前摆动，随后向后倒下，并将对手的头部摔入垫子。	The wrestler then jumps around and swings forward to fall backwards and drop the opponent's head into the mat.	The wrestler then jumps up and swings forward before falling back and slamming the opponent's head into the mat.	The wrestler then jumps around and swings forward to fall back and let the opponent's head drop into the mat.	The wrestler then doesn't jump around and swings forward to fall backwards and drop the opponent's head into the mat.	The wrestler then doesn't jump up and swings forward before falling back and slamming the opponent's head into the mat.
1081	在 1999 年和 2003 年，他搭档 Jarno Jokihaara 和马科·里托拉成为了一名室内锦标赛冠军，2003 年，他成为了芬兰冠军。	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor championship champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marco Rittola, and in 2003 he became the Finnish champion.	He became indoor champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became Finnish champion in 2003.	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he didn't become Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he didn't become an indoor championship champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marco Rittola, and in 2003 he became the Finnish champion.
672	康熙（刘恺威饰）16 岁时铲除叛贼鳌拜及其党羽。	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the Betrayer, Oboi, and his allies.	Kangxi (Hawick Lau) eradicated the traitor Obai and his henchmen at the age of 16.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the traitor, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he didn't eliminate the Betrayer, Oboi, and his allies.	Kangxi (Hawick Lau) didn't eradicate the traitor Obai and his henchmen at the age of 16.
5535	Thornwood Common 是 B1393 路上的一个村庄 ,地处诺思维艾德巴赛特民政教区和英格兰艾塞克斯郡艾坪林区。	Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393 road, in the civil parish of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393 road, in the civil parish of Northside by Bassett and Epping Woods, Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393 road, in the commune of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is not a village on the B1393 road, in the civil parish of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is not a village on the B1393 road, in the civil parish of Northside by Bassett and Epping Woods, Essex, England.
2936	史蒂夫·惠特利 7 月首次出场。他带领哈珀·惠特利和加雷特·惠特利走上犯罪道路，本尼·卡梅隆是他的哥哥。	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley made his first appearance in July. He led Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley down the road of crime, and Benny Cameron was his older brother.	In early July, Steve Whitley, the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley, and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first didn't appear in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley didn't make his first appearance in July. He led Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley down the road of crime, and Benny Cameron was his older brother.
4329	相反，“总”利润可由其所有者分配或以其他方式转让。	In contrast, a profit ``gross ''can be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	Instead, "gross" profits may be distributed or otherwise transferred by their owners.	By contrast, a profit ``in gross ''can be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	In contrast, a profit ``gross '' can't be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	Instead, "gross" profits may be not distributed or otherwise transferred by their owners.
3131	莱特从北卡罗来纳州教堂山搬到纽约市。	Wright moved from Chapel Hill, NC to New York City.	Wright moved to New York City from Chapel Hill, North Carolina.	Wright moved from Chapel Hill, NC to New York.	Wright didn't move from Chapel Hill, NC to New York City.	Wright didn't move to New York City from Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
3798	迄今为止，奥卢交响乐团、拉赫蒂交响乐团、凯米小交响乐团、芬兰广播交响乐团和 Avanti 均演奏过季诺维耶夫的作品！	Zinovjev's works have been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far, the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kemi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti have all performed Zinoviev!	So far Zinovjev ’ s works have been performed by the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works haven't been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far, the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kemi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti haven't all performed Zinoviev!
3949	第一个信号官课程于 1951 年开设，而当前的课程为该课程的第 86 和第 87 次进行。	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the course.	The first Signal Officer course was offered in 1951, and the current course is the 86th and 87th of that course.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the track.	The first Foreman of Signals course was not in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the course.	The first Signal Officer course was not offered in 1951, and the current course is the 86th and 87th of that course.
2418	2012 年，奥吉埃、休斯、伦斯特拉、博斯、克莱因荣格和瓦赫特宣布对从互联网收集的数百万个公开 RSA 密钥的分析。	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys from the Internet was announced by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	In 2012, Augier, Hughes, Lemstra, Bosch, Klein Jung, and Wachter announced an analysis of millions of public RSA keys collected from the Internet.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys from the Internet was not announced by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	In 2012, Augier, Hughes, Lemstra, Bosch, Klein Jung, and Wachter didn't announce an analysis of millions of public RSA keys collected from the Internet.
2859	它们有 13 个脊柱、11 至 13 条背部软鳍条、2 根尾刺以及 11 至 13 条尾部软鳍条。	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsale soft rays, 2 anal spines and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They have 13 spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 tail spines, and 11 to 13 tail soft rays.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 anal spines, and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They don't have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsale soft rays, 2 anal spines and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They don't have 13 spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 tail spines, and 11 to 13 tail soft rays.
6948	安德鲁·麦克伦南（出生时为安德鲁·斯诺伊德）是新西兰音乐家、歌唱家和词曲作家。	Andrew McLennan born Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan (born Andrew Snowy) is a New Zealand musician, singer and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, songwriter and singer.	Andrew McLennan don't born Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan (born Andrew Snowy) is not a New Zealand musician, singer and songwriter.
992	经过医学治疗后，斯特罗齐在约瑟普·弗罗伊登赖希的推荐下，开始上迪米特里加·德米特的私人表演课。	After medical treatment, Strozzi started taking private acting lessons from Dimitrija Demeter, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	After medical treatment, Strozzi started taking private acting lessons with Dimitriga Demeter at the recommendation of Joseph Freudenreich.	Strozzi started taking private acting lessons with Dimitrija Demeter after a medical treatment, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	After medical treatment, Strozzi didn't start taking private acting lessons from Dimitrija Demeter, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	After medical treatment, Strozzi didn't start taking private acting lessons with Dimitriga Demeter at the recommendation of Joseph Freudenreich.
153	保皇派在卡托巴河西侧扎营，查尔斯·康沃利将军的军队驻扎在东侧。	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Royalists camped on the west side of the Catawba River, and the army of General Charles Cornwally was stationed on the east side.	The loyalists were camped on the west side of Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwallis camped on the eastern side.	The loyalists hadn't camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Royalists didn't camp on the west side of the Catawba River, and the army of General Charles Cornwally was stationed on the east side.
6041	Daniil Ostrogski 还声称，德米特罗是 Bilinsky 的父亲，亦叫做“Danylo Dmytrovych”。	Daniil Ostrogski also claims that Dmytro is a father of Bilinsky who is also known as ``Danylo Dmytrovych ''.	Daniil Ostrogski also claimed that Dmitro was Bilinsky's father, also known as "Danylo Dmytrovych".	Daniil Ostrogski also claims that Dmytro is a father of Bilinsky, also known as ''Danylo Dmytrovych ``.	Daniil Ostrogski also doesn't claim that Dmytro is a father of Bilinsky who is also known as ``Danylo Dmytrovych ''.	Daniil Ostrogski also didn't claim that Dmitro was Bilinsky's father, also known as "Danylo Dmytrovych".
2977	歌曲《相信我》由内德·威夫、弥尔顿·阿格尔和珍·史华兹创作而成。	``Trust in Me ''is a song that was written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	The song "Trust Me" was written by Ned Weiff, Milton Agger and Jane Schwartz.	``Trust in Me ''is a song by Jean Schwartz, Milton Ager and Ned Wever written.	``Trust in Me ''is not a song that was written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	The song "Trust Me" was not written by Ned Weiff, Milton Agger and Jane Schwartz.
4420	他在 1947 年竞选南本德市法官，在 1948 年竞选圣约瑟夫县检察官，均以失败告终。	He was an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	He ran unsuccessfully for South Bend City Judge in 1947 and St. Joseph County Attorney in 1948.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for South Bend city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of Saint Joseph County.	He was not an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	He didn't run unsuccessfully for South Bend City Judge in 1947 and St. Joseph County Attorney in 1948.
3862	1862 年，歌舞杂耍表演首次从巴黎传入伦敦并变得非常受欢迎，其中有舞者、歌手、杂技演员和经魔术师训练的动物。	The music hall was first imported to London from Paris in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	In 1862, vaudeville first came to London from Paris and became very popular, featuring dancers, singers, acrobats and magician-trained animals.	The music hall was first imported from Paris to London in 1862 and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, and mage-trained animals.	The music hall was first not imported to London from Paris in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	In 1862, vaudeville first didn't come to London from Paris and became very popular, featuring dancers, singers, acrobats and magician-trained animals.
5522	圭亚那约有 90,000 名天主教徒 - 占总人口的 12％，在南美洲各国中比例最低。	There are about 90,000 Catholics in Guyana-around 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	Guyana has about 90,000 Catholics - 12% of the population, the lowest percentage of any country in South America.	There are about 90,000 Catholics in Guyana -- about 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	There are not about 90,000 Catholics in Guyana-around 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	Guyana doesn't have about 90,000 Catholics - 12% of the population, the lowest percentage of any country in South America.
7451	怀俄明州 330 号高速公路是一条相当短的东西向州际公路，位于谢里敦县的西北部，为谢里敦市中部地区服务。	Wyoming Highway 330 is a fairly short east-west Wyoming State Road located in northwestern Sheridan County that serves the central part of Sheridan.	Wyoming Hwy 330 is a fairly short east-west interstate located in the northwest part of Sheridan County, serving the central city of Sheridan.	Wyoming Highway 330 is a fairly short east - West Wyoming State Road in northwestern Sheridan County that serves the central part of Sheridan.	Wyoming Highway 330 is not a fairly short east-west Wyoming State Road located in northwestern Sheridan County that serves the central part of Sheridan.	Wyoming Hwy 330 is not a fairly short east-west interstate located in the northwest part of Sheridan County, serving the central city of Sheridan.
7488	当需要更多不同 IE 时，这通常会导致更多的容量规划问题，并会在本质上导致无法交付 IP。	When a higher number of different IEs is required, this often results in more capacity planning problems and inherently leads to a non-delivery of the IP.	This often leads to more capacity planning issues when more different IEs are required, and can essentially lead to failure to deliver IP.	When a higher number of different IEs are required, it often results in more planning problems in capacity and inherently leads to a non-delivery of the IP.	When a higher number of different IEs is required, this often doesn't result in more capacity planning problems and inherently leads to a non-delivery of the IP.	This often doesn't lead to more capacity planning issues when more different IEs are required, and can essentially lead to failure to deliver IP.
150	它是汉诺威镇的一部分，之后并入查塔姆镇，再之后于 1899 年被记录为弗洛勒姆帕克。	It was part of the Hanover Township, then Chatham Township, before being recorded in 1899 as Florham Park.	It was part of Hanover Town, which was later incorporated into Chatham Town, before being recorded as Florham Park in 1899.	It was part of Hanover Township, then Chatham Township before being incorporated as Florham Park in 1899.	It was not part of the Hanover Township, then Chatham Township, before being recorded in 1899 as Florham Park.	It was not part of Hanover Town, which was later incorporated into Chatham Town, before being recorded as Florham Park in 1899.
3461	Zinovjev 的作品至今已被奥卢交响乐团、拉赫蒂交响乐团、凯米小交响乐团、芬兰广播交响乐团和阿凡提乐团演奏！	Zinovjev's works have been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works have so far been performed by the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kemi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti Orchestra!	So far Zinovjev's works have been performed by the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Lahti Symphony Orchestra, the Kymi Sinfonietta, the Oulu Symphony Orchestra and the Avanti!	Zinovjev's works haven't been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works haven't so far been performed by the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kemi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti Orchestra!
6560	Llyn Dinas 是威尔士北部格温内斯郡贝德盖勒特附近的一个湖泊。它由格拉斯林河形成。	Llyn Dinas is a lake near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in north Wales. It is formed by the River Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is a lake near Bed Gellert in Gwynedd, North Wales. It is formed by the Grasslin River.	Llyn Dinas is a lake near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in North Wales, and is formed by the river Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is not a lake near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in north Wales. It is formed by the River Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is not a lake near Bed Gellert in Gwynedd, North Wales. It is formed by the Grasslin River.
3147	2012 年，Lenstra、Hughes、Augier、Bos、Kleinjung 和 Wachter 发布了一篇分析，比较了从互联网收集的数百万 RSA 公钥。	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	In 2012, Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter published an analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys collected from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was not announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	In 2012, Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter didn't publish an analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys collected from the Internet.
1304	此外，为争夺美国冠军，冠军杰克·史威格、米兹和科菲·京斯顿展开了一场三重威胁赛。	Furthermore, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	In addition, for the U.S. championship, champions Jack Schweiger, Miz and Kofi Kingston fought a triple threat match.	Next was a Triple Threat match for the United States Championship between champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Furthermore, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was not between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	In addition, for the U.S. championship, champions Jack Schweiger, Miz and Kofi Kingston didn't fight a triple threat match.
7200	1937 年，唐纳德成为多伦多枫叶棒球队的共同所有人，他的儿子罗斯担任俱乐部主席。	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, with his son Ross serving as club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team. His son, Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross didn't become club president.	In 1937, Donald didn't become co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, with his son Ross serving as club president.
7753	团队回应了第二年 2 月 19 日晚上同一场比赛的变化。	The team responded to the changes in the same game that next February 19 evening.	The team responded with a change to the same game on the night of February 19 of the following year.	The team responded to the changes in the same game that took place next February evening.	The team didn't respond to the changes in the same game that next February 19 evening.	The team didn't respond with a change to the same game on the night of February 19 of the following year.
6713	二战后中专录取率的攀升，是大多数现代学生聚居区出现的原因。	Most modern student ghettos arose from the rise in post-secondary enrollment after World War II.	The rise in secondary school admission rates after World War II is the reason for the emergence of most modern student settlements.	Most modern student ghettos arose from the rise in post-secondary training after World War II.	Most modern student ghettos didn't arise from the rise in post-secondary enrollment after World War II.	The rise in secondary school admission rates after World War II is not the reason for the emergence of most modern student settlements.
4824	黑尔纳尔斯的绿地覆盖率为 59.6 %，其中黑尔纳尔斯占据了第三大绿地区。	Greenspace in Hernals is 59.6%, of which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.	Hernals has a green coverage rate of 59.6 %, with Hernals occupying the third largest green area.	Greenspace in Hernals is 59.6%, by which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.	Greenspace in Hernals is not 59.6%, of which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.	Hernals doesn't have a green coverage rate of 59.6 %, with Hernals occupying the third largest green area.
3098	此外，他们积极锻炼、自由学习并渴望探索。	In addition, they are physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, they are active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, they are actively physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, they are not physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, they are not active, free to learn and eager to explore.
2631	该影片具有大量音乐剧元素和冗长的歌剧续唱，已因更像音乐片而非惊恐片受到批评。	The film has many elements of a musical, with lengthy opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than horrific.	With plenty of musical elements and a lengthy opera sequel, the film has been criticized for being more musical than horror.	The film has many elements of a musical, with long opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than terrible.	The film doesn't have many elements of a musical, with lengthy opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than horrific.	With plenty of musical elements and a lengthy opera sequel, the film hasn't been criticized for being more musical than horror.
889	弗拉维亚·格莱斯克，更广为人知的名字是弗拉维亚·亚历杭德拉·格莱斯克·法金（1978 年 5 月 15 日出生），是一名委内瑞拉女演员和模特。	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born 15 May 1978) is a Venezuelan actress and model.	Flavia Glaske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Glaske Fagin (born May 15, 1978), is a Venezuelan actress and model.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born 15 May 1978) is a Venezuelan actress.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born 15 May 1978) is not a Venezuelan actress and model.	Flavia Glaske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Glaske Fagin (born May 15, 1978), is not a Venezuelan actress and model.
3628	乌鲁克尔也是曼尼普尔州的热门旅游胜地。	Ukhrul is also a tourist hotspot of Manipur state.	Urukil is also a popular tourist destination in Manipur.	Ukhrul is also a tourist hotspot in the state of Manipur.	Ukhrul is not also a tourist hotspot of Manipur state.	Urukil is not also a popular tourist destination in Manipur.
7213	大卫·I·沃尔什最近的传记作者写道：“摧毁沃尔什的活动起了作用，因为他无法为自己辩护……大卫·I·沃尔什是同性恋者。”	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	A recent biographer of David I. Walsh wrote: "The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he was unable to defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay."	The recent biographer of David I. Walsh writes: ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay.	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	A recent biographer of David I. Walsh didn't write : "The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he was unable to defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay."
6423	超过 1200 万人住在墨尔本-悉尼铁路走廊。	Over 12 million people live along the Melbourne -- Sydney rail corridor.	More than 12 million people live on the Melbourne-Sydney rail corridor.	Over 12 million people live along the Melbourne - Sydney rail corridor.	Over 12 million people don't live along the Melbourne -- Sydney rail corridor.	More than 12 million people don't live on the Melbourne-Sydney rail corridor.
1017	这些在英国很罕见，但是在欧洲相对常见，至少对大型铁路机车来说是如此。	These were rare in the United Kingdom, but relatively frequent in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These are rare in the UK, but relatively common in Europe, at least for large railway locomotives.	These were rare in the United Kingdom, but relatively common in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were not rare in the United Kingdom, but relatively frequent in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These are not rare in the UK, but relatively common in Europe, at least for large railway locomotives.
3132	2012 年，亚德里安·比劳发行《树屋》，这是他的第六张单曲唱片，在田纳西州纳什维尔由音乐家内德·埃维特制作。	In 2012, Adrian Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Bilau released "Treehouse," his sixth single, produced by musician Ned Everett in Nashville, Tennessee.	In 2012, Adrian Belew ``Treehouse ''released his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew didn't release ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Bilau didn't release "Treehouse," his sixth single, produced by musician Ned Everett in Nashville, Tennessee.
3944	安迪看到罗伯特和凯蒂在一起并将此事告诉了达兹。	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Andy saw Robert and Katie together and told Daz about it.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.	Andy doesn't see Robert and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Andy didn't see Robert and Katie together and told Daz about it.
1914	布拉夫和肖东是希望谷的民间教区，位于英格兰德贝郡的海皮克区。	Brough and Shatton is a civil parish in Hope Valley in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England.	Bluff and Xiaodong are the folk parishes of Hope Valley, in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England.	Brough and Shatton is a municipality in Hope Valley in the Derbyshire High Peak district of England.	Brough and Shatton is not a civil parish in Hope Valley in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England.	Bluff and Xiaodong are not the folk parishes of Hope Valley, in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England.
1139	该站属于拉萨尔街站梅特拉线的一部分，在芝加哥环线中的乔利埃特和洛克岛区之间运行。	This station is part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line, running between Joliet and the Rock Island District in the Chicago Loop.	The station is part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra Line, which runs between Joliet and Rock Island on the Chicago Circle Line.	This station is part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line that runs between Joliet and the Rock Island District in the Chicago Loop.	This station is not part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line, running between Joliet and the Rock Island District in the Chicago Loop.	The station is not part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra Line, which runs between Joliet and Rock Island on the Chicago Circle Line.
5876	Erginus galkini 是一种海螺，是真正的帽贝，属于莲花青螺科海生腹足软体动物，莲花青螺科是真正帽贝科之一。	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Erginus galkini is a type of conch, a true limpet, belonging to the marine gastropod mollusks of the Elephantidae family, one of the true limpets.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropodemollusk in the Lottiidae family, one of the families of the true limpets.	Erginus galkini is not a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Erginus galkini is not a type of conch, a true limpet, belonging to the marine gastropod mollusks of the Elephantidae family, one of the true limpets.
6840	斯特雷奇从一位真人秀明星那里偷窃可卡因，该明星然后获得豪华轿车。	Stretch steals the cocaine from a reality television star, who then procures the limo.	Strachey stole cocaine from a reality TV star who then got a limousine.	Stretch steals the cocaine from a reality television star, who then procures the limousine.	Stretch doesn't steal the cocaine from a reality television star, who then procures the limo.	Strachey didn't steal cocaine from a reality TV star who then got a limousine.
4021	后来，安德鲁在袭击昂古莱姆伯爵阿德赫马尔期间，加入了理查德的部队。	Later, Andrew would be Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Andrew later joined Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême.	Later, during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême, Andrew was to be Richard's forces.	Later, Andrew would not be Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Andrew later didn't join Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême.
2680	剧本由达万的老搭档安尼斯·巴兹梅和卢米·加佛理编写。	The screenplay was written by Dhawan's longtime collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The script was written by Davan's longtime partners, Annis Bazme and Lumi Gaffrey.	The script was written by Dhawan's longtime collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The screenplay was not written by Dhawan's longtime collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The script was not written by Davan's longtime partners, Annis Bazme and Lumi Gaffrey.
4935	Kapp 和 MCA 是在 70 年代为雪儿带来更大成功的公司，她在 1974 年之前一直与其保持合作。	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the companies that brought Cher even more success in the 70s, with which she continued until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were not the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were not the companies that brought Cher even more success in the 70s, with which she continued until 1974.
3137	在参加德国房车大师赛期间，奥迪 V8 与小很多和较小的梅赛德斯 190、宝马 M3 和略微较轻的欧宝欧美佳 3000 展开角逐。	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	During the German Touring Car Masters, the Audi V8 competed with the much smaller and smaller Mercedes 190, the BMW M3 and the slightly lighter Opel Europa 3000.	The Audi V8 competed during its presence in the DTM with much smaller and roughly smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 didn't compete with much smaller and about smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	During the German Touring Car Masters, the Audi V8 didn't compete with the much smaller and smaller Mercedes 190, the BMW M3 and the slightly lighter Opel Europa 3000.
483	两个女儿都比他早去世，分别于 1976 年逝于托斯卡和 1981 年逝于贾尼尔。	Both daughters died before he did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	Both daughters died before him, in Tosca in 1976 and Janier in 1981.	Both daughters died before he did, Tosca in 1976 and Janear in 1981.	Both daughters didn't die before he did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	Both daughters didn't die before him, in Tosca in 1976 and Janier in 1981.
4894	在参加德国房车大师赛期间，奥迪 V8 与小很多和较轻的梅赛德斯 190、宝马 M3 和略微较轻的欧宝欧美佳 3000 展开角逐。	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During the German Touring Car Masters, the Audi V8 competed with the much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3 and the slightly lighter Opel Europa 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and somewhat smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 didn't compete with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During the German Touring Car Masters, the Audi V8 didn't compete with the much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3 and the slightly lighter Opel Europa 3000.
2870	该镇政厅于 1911 年重建 ，于 1945 年被部分损毁，后来在二十世纪六十年代修复。	In 1911, the town hall was reconstructed, in 1945 partially destroyed, and subsequently restored in the 1960s.	Rebuilt in 1911, the town hall was partially destroyed in 1945 and later restored in the 1960s.	In 1911 the town hall was rebuilt, partially destroyed in 1945 and restored in the 1960s.	In 1911, the town hall was not reconstructed, in 1945 partially destroyed, and subsequently restored in the 1960s.	Rebuilt in 1911, the town hall was partially not destroyed in 1945 and later restored in the 1960s.
4668	附近是 Wallowa 河，这是 Lostine 河的一条支流，位于俄勒冈州东北部的瓦洛厄山脉以东。	Nearby is the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains in the northeast of Oregon.	Nearby is the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River east of the Wallowa Mountains in northeastern Oregon.	Nearby is the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains of northeastern Oregon.	Nearby is not the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains in the northeast of Oregon.	Nearby is not the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River east of the Wallowa Mountains in northeastern Oregon.
319	2016 年 11 月 13 日，丹尼斯·华莱士在晓臣市附近的福克斯·格罗夫公园谋杀了大卫·马查多。	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, Dennis Wallace murdered David Machado in Fox Grove Park, near the city of Johnson.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was not murdered in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, Dennis Wallace didn't murder David Machado in Fox Grove Park, near the city of Johnson.
4927	1954 年回到帕拉马里博后，他在苏里南定居并成为一名律师。	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Suriname and became a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled as a lawyer in Suriname.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he didn't settle in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he didn't settle in Suriname and became a lawyer.
6048	他曾在比利·艾克斯廷的乐队录制唱片，并于 1946 年加入莱昂内尔·汉普顿乐队。	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Extin's band and joined Lionel Hampton in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	He didn't record with Billy Eckstine's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	He didn't record with Billy Extin's band and joined Lionel Hampton in 1946.
1059	1971 年 4 月 1 日她被海军舰艇登记册除名，并于同年饱经风霜。	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	She was removed from the Naval Ship Register on April 1, 1971, and weathered the same year.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel Register on 1 April 1971 and struck in the same year.	She was not scrapped from the Navy Vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	She was not removed from the Naval Ship Register on April 1, 1971, and weathered the same year.
418	他在比赛中的最好名次是 1960 年的第八名和 1968 年的第十名。	His best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	His best finishes in the competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	His best positions in competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	His best positions in the competition were not eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	His best finishes in the competition were not eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.
4290	所罗门遇到的许多恶魔都是希腊人、埃及人、犹太人、基督徒、阿拉伯人和其他传统民族。	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons Solomon encountered were Greeks, Egyptians, Jews, Christians, Arabs, and other traditional peoples.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are not of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons Solomon encountered were not Greeks, Egyptians, Jews, Christians, Arabs, and other traditional peoples.
2315	他于 1924 年在多伦多、1932 年在奥斯陆以及 1936 年在苏黎世担任国际数学家大会的特邀发言人。	In 1924 he was an invited spokesman for the ICM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	He was a guest speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Toronto in 1924, Oslo in 1932, and Zurich in 1936.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Oslo, and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 he was not an invited spokesman for the ICM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	He was not a guest speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Toronto in 1924, Oslo in 1932, and Zurich in 1936.
493	印度尼西亚驻罗马官方代表处于 1952 年 3 月设立，而意大利共和国于 1952 年 10 月在雅加达设立官方代表处。	Indonesian official representative in Rome was established in March 1952, while the Italian Republic had established its official representative in Jakarta on October 1952.	The official representative office of Indonesia in Rome was established in March 1952, while the official representative office of the Italian Republic was established in Jakarta in October 1952.	The official Indonesian representative in Rome was established in March 1952, while in October 1952 the Italian Republic established its official representative in Jakarta.	Indonesian official representative in Rome was not established in March 1952, while the Italian Republic had established its official representative in Jakarta on October 1952.	The official representative office of Indonesia in Rome was not established in March 1952, while the official representative office of the Italian Republic was established in Jakarta in October 1952.
3136	他是托马斯·凯恩斯及其妻子简·斯科特（约翰·斯科特之女）的儿子。	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Keynes and his wife Jane Scott (daughter of John Scott).	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.	He was not the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	He was not the son of Thomas Keynes and his wife Jane Scott (daughter of John Scott).
824	2 月初接到火情报告 73 起，其中 26 起火情失控，预期控制时间以便于另一个月的火情。	The number of reported fires at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	In early February, 73 fires were reported, 26 of which were out of control, with the expected time to control the fires for another month.	The number of reported fires in early February was at 73 with 26 out of control, and expected time to be to control another month of fires.	The number of reported fires at the beginning of February was not 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	In early February, 73 fires were reported, 26 of which were not out of control, with the expected time to control the fires for another month.
4576	首先描述花粉量高的区域，而非花粉量低的区域。	Describe the areas with high pollen levels first, instead of the areas with low pollen levels.	Areas with high pollen counts are described first, not areas with low pollen counts.	First, describe the areas with high pollen values instead of the areas with low pollen.	 don't describe the areas with high pollen levels first, instead of the areas with low pollen levels.	Areas with high pollen counts are described first, areas with low pollen counts.
5258	泰勒仍旧活跃于棒球界，直至去世前一直为亚特兰大勇士队、密尔瓦基队和芝加哥白袜队担任球探。	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Taylor remained active in baseball, serving as a scout for the Atlanta Braves, Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor didn't remain active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Taylor didn't remain active in baseball, serving as a scout for the Atlanta Braves, Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.
7482	该集由由托尼·戈德温处理，编剧是马特·拜伦和马克·费什。	The episode was addressed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode is being handled by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byron and Mark Fish.	The episode was written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish and directed by Tony Goldwyn.	The episode was not addressed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode is being not handled by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byron and Mark Fish.
5407	五月，斯潘塞·麦克拉伦抵达并饰演基兰·弗莱彻，该角色是已经确立的角色莎莉·弗莱彻（凯特·里奇）的爱慕对象。	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for the established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived to play Kieran Fletcher, the love interest of established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren didn't arrive as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for the established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren didn't arrive to play Kieran Fletcher, the love interest of established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).
5591	该物种最初于 1846 年由植物学家斯特凡·恩德利歇将其作为约翰·格奥尔·克里斯汀·莱曼的著作`` Irideae Plantae Preissianae '' 的部分内容做出正式描述。	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work ``Irideae Plantae Preissianae ''by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally described in 1846 by botanist Stefan Endricher as part of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's book 'Irideae Plantae Preissianae'.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work ``Irideae. Plantae Preissianae ''.	The species was first formally not described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work ``Irideae Plantae Preissianae ''by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally not described in 1846 by botanist Stefan Endricher as part of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's book 'Irideae Plantae Preissianae'.
6017	它在加利福尼亚州、亚利桑那州、内华达州和犹他州被发现，对它的记录是从北美开始的。	It has been found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it was recorded from North America.	It has been found in California, Arizona, Nevada, and Utah, and records of it began in North America.	It is found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it has been recorded from North America.	It hasn't been found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it was recorded from North America.	It hasn't been found in California, Arizona, Nevada, and Utah, and records of it began in North America.
3954	它在新奥尔良号沉没后遭俘获并于1868 年作为废金属出售。	It was captured after New Orleans was sunk and was sold for scrap metal in 1868.	It was captured after the sinking of the New Orleans and sold as scrap metal in 1868.	It was captured after New Orleans was scuttled and in 1868 was sold for scrap.	It was not captured after New Orleans was sunk and was sold for scrap metal in 1868.	It was not captured after the sinking of the New Orleans and sold as scrap metal in 1868.
4556	诺曼·梅朗克顿·盖德斯，出生时姓名为诺曼·贝尔·盖德斯（1893 年 4 月 27 日至 1958 年 5 月 8 日），美洲裔美国剧院和工业设计师。	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bell Geddes (April 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was an American theater and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes, (April 27, 1893 -- May 8, 1958) was an American theatrical and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was not an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bell Geddes (April 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was not an American theater and industrial designer.
6293	不过，麦当娜、普林斯和迈克尔·杰克逊都对该专辑产生了影响。	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson all had influences on the album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were not influences on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson all didn't have influences on the album.
308	他是克拉伦斯·佩吉特上将、阿尔弗雷德·佩吉特上将和乔治·佩吉特上将的异姓兄弟。	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Admirals Clarence Paget, Alfred Paget and George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Alfred Paget, Lord George Paget and Lord Clarence Paget.	He is not the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is not the half-brother of Admirals Clarence Paget, Alfred Paget and George Paget.
436	1866 年 6 月 25 日，他被任命为利西亚尼萨的挂名主教和韦莱特里的主教。	On June 25, 1866, he was appointed titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, he was ordained bishop of Lycianissa and bishop of Velletri.	He was appointed as titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia ''and auxiliary bishop of Velletri on 25 June 1866.	On June 25, 1866, he was not appointed titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, he was not ordained bishop of Lycianissa and bishop of Velletri.
2416	他在当地俱乐部 Adrigole 参加老年人县际足球活动，而且在 20 世纪 60 年代和 20 世纪70 年代曾是科克盖尔人球队的一员。	He played senior inter-county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played seniors inter-county football at local club Adrigole and was part of the Cork Gaels team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played Senior Intercounty Football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He didn't play senior inter-county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He didn't play seniors inter-county football at local club Adrigole and was part of the Cork Gaels team in the 1960s and 1970s.
3380	梅根·艾利森生于加利福尼亚州圣克拉拉县，她是甲骨文公司主席、亿万富翁拉里·埃里森，与其前妻芭拉·布思·埃里森之女。	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of Oracle Corporation chairman and billionaire Larry Ellison and his ex-wife Barra Booth Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of billionaire Oracle Corporation chairman Larry Ellison and his ex-wife, Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was not born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was not born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of Oracle Corporation chairman and billionaire Larry Ellison and his ex-wife Barra Booth Ellison.
6546	“肾形虫”通常是肾形纤毛虫在有机、丰富条件下的代表虫属。	Often ``Colpoda ''is a kidney-shaped ciliate representative in organic, rich conditions.	"Reniform worms" are usually the representative genus of reniform ciliates in organic, abundant conditions.	``Colpoda '', a kidney-shaped ciliate representative in organic rich conditions, is common.	Often ``Colpoda ''is not a kidney-shaped ciliate representative in organic, rich conditions.	"Reniform worms" are not usually the representative genus of reniform ciliates in organic, abundant conditions.
4025	它是该锦标赛的第六个问题，也是 2013-2014 年国际橄榄球理事会世界七人制橄榄球系列赛的第三站。	It was the sixth issue of the tournament and the third stop of the 2013 -- 14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It is the sixth issue of the tournament and the third leg of the 2013-2014 IFRC World Rugby Sevens Series.	It was the sixth edition of the tournament and the third stop of the 2013 -- 14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It was not the sixth issue of the tournament and the third stop of the 2013 -- 14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It is not the sixth issue of the tournament and the third leg of the 2013-2014 IFRC World Rugby Sevens Series.
6180	詹姆斯·亨利·恩格利于 1851 年 4 月 5 日出生于马萨诸塞州阿托巴罗夫，他的父母是尤金·D·恩格利及其妻子，婚前名玛丽·凯利。	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851, in Atobarov, Massachusetts, to Eugene D. Engley and his wife, Mary Kelly.	James Henry Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was not born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was not born on April 5, 1851, in Atobarov, Massachusetts, to Eugene D. Engley and his wife, Mary Kelly.
1726	电影收到了负面评价，但后来发行了 VHS 和 DVD，成为了小众电影爱好者的最爱，在亚马逊和 IMDB 上都得到了好评。	The film received negative reviews, but after release on VHS and DVD, it became a cult favorite with favorable comments on Amazon and IMDB.	The film received negative reviews, but it was later released on VHS and DVD and became a favorite among niche movie lovers, receiving rave reviews on both Amazon and IMDB.	The film received negative reviews, but after the release on VHS and DVD, he became a cult favorite with favorable comments on Amazon and IMDB.	The film didn't receive negative reviews, but after release on VHS and DVD, it became a cult favorite with favorable comments on Amazon and IMDB.	The film didn't receive negative reviews, but it was later released on VHS and DVD and became a favorite among niche movie lovers, receiving rave reviews on both Amazon and IMDB.
4687	两架于 1934 年制造，但没有再飞行。	Two were produced in 1934, but no more were flown.	Two were built in 1934 but never flown again.	In 1934, two of them were produced, but no more were flown.	Two were produced in 1934, but more were flown.	Two were built in 1934 but flown again.
4837	布里顿于 1942 年 4 月返回英格兰。回去后不久，他便邀请蒙塔古·斯莱特为“彼得·格赖姆斯”编写剧本。	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Soon after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for ``Peter Grimes ''.	Britton returned to England in April 1942. Shortly after returning, he invited Montagu Slater to write the screenplay for "Peter Grimes."	In April 1942, Britten returned to England, and soon after returning he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for Peter Grimes.	Britten didn't return to England in April 1942. Soon after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for ``Peter Grimes ''.	Britton didn't return to England in April 1942. Shortly after returning, he invited Montagu Slater to write the screenplay for "Peter Grimes."
7961	由于维尼·提斯塔维德被视为先发球员，佐拉克与雷·卢卡斯竞争替补球员机会。	With Vinny Testaverde considered the starter, Zolak was competing against Ray Lucas for a backup job.	With Vinnie Tistaved seen as a starter, Zolak competes with Ray Lucas for a bench opportunity.	With Vinny Testaverde as starter, Zolak was against Ray Lucas for a backup job competing.	With Vinny Testaverde considered the starter, Zolak was not competing against Ray Lucas for a backup job.	With Vinnie Tistaved seen as a starter, Zolak doesn't compete with Ray Lucas for a bench opportunity.
609	在常规战争中建立了三个旅（11 个营），并训练了一支大型游击队（估计有 100,000 人）。	For conventional warfare, three brigades (11 battalions) were set up, a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained.	Three brigades (11 battalions) were established in conventional warfare and a large guerrilla force (estimated 100,000 men) was trained.	Three brigades (11 Battalions) were raised for conventional warfare; a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained.	For conventional warfare, three brigades (11 battalions) were set up, a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was not trained.	Three brigades (11 battalions) were not established in conventional warfare and a large guerrilla force (estimated 100,000 men) was trained.
4863	在下方评论中，该节目的最高评价为红色，而该节目的最低评分为蓝色剧集。	In the reviews below will be the highest evaluation for the show in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	In the comments below, the show's highest ratings are in red, while the show's lowest ratings are in blue episodes.	In the ratings below, the highest rating for the show will be in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	In the reviews below will not be the highest evaluation for the show in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	In the comments below, the show's highest ratings are not in red, while the show's lowest ratings are in blue episodes.
4774	43 人得救，救生艇救出 40 人，“特拉华”救出 3 人。	43 people were saved, 40 were rescued in the lifeboats and three by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were rescued, 40 people were rescued by lifeboats, and 3 people were rescued by "Delaware".	43 people were rescued, 40 in the lifeboats and three saved by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were saved, 40 were not rescued in the lifeboats and three by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were rescued, 40 people were not rescued by lifeboats, and 3 people were rescued by "Delaware".
1736	费尔南多·海德里希于 1880 年在古巴马坦萨斯引进栽培技术。	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	Fernando Heydrich introduced cultivation techniques in Matanzas, Cuba in 1880.	In Cuba its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas.	The cultivation was not introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	Fernando Heydrich didn't introduce cultivation techniques in Matanzas, Cuba in 1880.
644	为开发霍斯的地图，设计师从“帝国反击战”中获取尽可能多的原始资料，以创建真实的复制品。	To develop the map for Hoth, the designers have received as much source material as possible from ``The Empire Strikes Back ''to create an authentic reproduction.	To develop Hoth's map, designers took as much original material as possible from The Empire Strikes Back to create a true replica.	To develop the map for Hoth, the designers obtained as much source material from ``The Empire Strikes Back ''as possible so to create an authentic reproduction.	To develop the map for Hoth, the designers haven't received as much source material as possible from ``The Empire Strikes Back ''to create an authentic reproduction.	To develop Hoth's map, designers didn't take as much original material as possible from The Empire Strikes Back to create a true replica.
3360	1932 年的瑞典冰球锦标赛是瑞典冰球锦标赛的第 11 个赛季，是瑞典的全国冠军赛，由哈马比体育会赢得了冠军。	The Swedish ice hockey championship in 1932 was the 11th season of the Swedish ice hockey championship, Sweden's national championship, and Hammarby IF won the championship.	The 1932 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, the 11th season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, was Sweden's national championship, won by Hammarby Sports.	The 1932 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was the 11th season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, the national championship of Sweden. Hammarby IF won the championship.	The Swedish ice hockey championship in 1932 was not the 11th season of the Swedish ice hockey championship, Sweden's national championship, and Hammarby IF won the championship.	The 1932 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, the 11th season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, was not Sweden's national championship, won by Hammarby Sports.
4961	目前，许多现代变体构成了当代“水琴窟”，而以下列表展示了传统“水琴窟”的一些可能形式。	There are a number of modern variations that make up the modern Suikinkutsu ``, and the list below shows some of the possibilities for traditional ''Suikinkutsu``.	Currently, many modern variants make up the contemporary "Shuiqin Cave", and the following list shows some possible forms of the traditional "Shuiqin Cave".	There are a number of modern variations that form the modern ``suikinkutsu ''. The list below shows some of the possibilities for traditional`` suikinkutsu''.	There are not a number of modern variations that make up the modern Suikinkutsu ``, and the list below shows some of the possibilities for traditional ''Suikinkutsu``.	Currently, many modern variants don't make up the contemporary "Shuiqin Cave", and the following list shows some possible forms of the traditional "Shuiqin Cave".
3541	在取得成功后，简·坎皮恩聘请琼斯制作后来拍成电影《天使与我同桌》的迷你电视连续剧，该电影改编自珍妮特·法兰姆的自传。	Following her success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following the success, Jane Campion hired Jones to produce the mini-series that was later made into the film Angels at My Desk, based on Janet Fleming's autobiography.	Following her success, Jane Campion Jones was an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography for a television miniseries that turned into the movie Angel at my Table.	Following her success, Jane Campion didn't hire Jones for a television miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following the success, Jane Campion didn't hire Jones to produce the mini-series that was later made into the film Angels at My Desk, based on Janet Fleming's autobiography.
2102	据美国人口调查局称，绍斯波特总面积为，其中陆地占，水域占 0.91%。	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Southport's total area is 0.91% land and water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport doesn't have a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Southport's total area is not 0.91% land and water.
2699	他的名字阿福拉比意味着“天生富贵”。因为他僵硬的动作，他在尼日利亚的绰号是机械战警。	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name Afrabi means "born rich". He is nicknamed Robocop in Nigeria because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, doesn't mean ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name Afrabi doesn't mean "born rich". He is nicknamed Robocop in Nigeria because of his stiff movements.
6854	吉达努河是罗马尼亚吉尔德韦斯特河的一条支流。	The Jidanul River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.	The Gidanu River is a tributary of the Girdwest River in Romania.	The Jidanul River is a tributary of the River Jiul de Vest, Romania.	The Jidanul River is not a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.	The Gidanu River is not a tributary of the Girdwest River in Romania.
115	洛阳队在首轮击败莱佛士书院，并在四分之一决赛中击败新民中学，之后在半决赛中输给了华侨中学。	The Loyang team defeated the Raffles Institution in the opening round and the Xinmin Secondary School in the quarter-finals before losing to the Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.	Luoyang defeated Raffles College in the first round and Xinmin Middle School in the quarterfinals before losing to Huaqiao Middle School in the semifinals.	Loyang's team defeated Raffles Institution in the opening round and Xinmin Secondary School in the quarter-finals, before losing to Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.	The Loyang team didn't defeat the Raffles Institution in the opening round and the Xinmin Secondary School in the quarter-finals before losing to the Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.	Luoyang didn't defeat Raffles College in the first round and Xinmin Middle School in the quarterfinals before losing to Huaqiao Middle School in the semifinals.
2234	此物种现在属于蜥蜴科，又称鬣蜥科、安乐蜥亚科，不再属于当前无效的安乐蜥科。	This species is now in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the currently invalid family, polychrotidae.	This species now belongs to the lizard family, also known as the iguana family, and the subfamily of Anleriidae, and no longer belongs to the currently ineffective Anleriidae.	This genus is now in the family of lizards known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the presently invalid family, Polychrotidae.	This species is now in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is longer classified in the currently invalid family, polychrotidae.	This species now belongs to the lizard family, also known as the iguana family, and the subfamily of Anleriidae, and longer belongs to the currently ineffective Anleriidae.
4641	他在 1947 年的圣约瑟夫县市法官竞选和 1948 年的南本德检察官竞选中落败。	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He lost the 1947 race for St. Joseph County's city judge and the 1948 race for South Bend's attorney.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County City Councilor, and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He was not an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He didn't lose the 1947 race for St. Joseph County's city judge and the 1948 race for South Bend's attorney.
5669	当杰克·尼采第一次听到《顽固的家伙》时正和菲尔·斯佩克特一同驾车行驶在日落大道上，歌声让他激动万分，没有控制住汽车。	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	Jack Nietzsche was driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector when he first heard "Stubborn Guy", and the singing made him so excited he didn't control the car.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow '', he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving the Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was not so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	Jack Nietzsche was driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector when he first heard "Stubborn Guy", and the singing made him so excited he controlled the car.
6273	最常被纺成线的动物纤维是从绵羊身上获得的羊毛。对于手工编织和编织爱好来说，厚实的羊毛和腈纶纱线也经常用到。	The most frequently spun animal fibre is wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick wool and acrylic yarns are often used.	The animal fiber most commonly spun into thread is wool obtained from sheep. For hand knitting and weaving hobbies, thick wool and acrylic yarns are also often used.	The most commonly spun animal fiber is wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick, wool and acrylic yarns are frequently used.	The most frequently spun animal fibre is not wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick wool and acrylic yarns are often used.	The animal fiber most commonly spun into thread is not wool obtained from sheep. For hand knitting and weaving hobbies, thick wool and acrylic yarns are also often used.
6591	1947 年英国福克兰群岛属岛调查团布置该驻地，将其作为阿根廷群岛上的 F 驻地或“冬岛”。	The station was furnished in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or ``Winter Island ''on the Argentine islands.	In 1947, the British Falkland Islands Dependent Islands Survey Mission arranged the station as the F station or "Winter Island" on the Argentine Islands.	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Winter Island '', on Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station was not furnished in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or ``Winter Island ''on the Argentine islands.	In 1947, the British Falkland Islands Dependent Islands Survey Mission didn't arrange the station as the F station or "Winter Island" on the Argentine Islands.
1100	这些歌曲由托米·李制作，并由迈克尔·拜因霍恩担任鼓手。	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The songs were produced by Tommy Lee and drummed by Michael Beinhorn.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee and by Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were not produced by Tommy Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The songs were not produced by Tommy Lee and drummed by Michael Beinhorn.
2189	玻里尼西亚的尼奥是法国的一处环礁，以 Aleksey Greig to Greig 命名。	An atoll in France, Polynesia Niau is called after Greig Aleksey Greig.	Neo in Polynesia is an atoll in France named after Aleksey Greig to Greig.	An atoll in France, Polynesia Niau is named Aleksey Greig after Greig.	An atoll in France, Polynesia Niau is not called after Greig Aleksey Greig.	Neo in Polynesia is not an atoll in France named after Aleksey Greig to Greig.
5274	1959 年 2 月 20 日，总理约翰·迪芬贝克终止该项目，五个已经拆除的“箭头”已完工。	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five dismantled Arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five "arrowheads", which had been demolished, were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker finished the project and the five dismantled arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker didn't terminate the project and the five dismantled Arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five "arrowheads", which had been demolished, were not completed.
3169	据宣布，2013 年 1 月，华伦·史佩特在迪士尼互动关闭后便离开了 Junction Point Studios。	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left the Junction Point Studios.	It was announced in January 2013 that Warren Speight left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.	In January 2013, it was announced that Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.	In January 2013, it was not announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left the Junction Point Studios.	It was not announced in January 2013 that Warren Speight left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.
4494	加勒特·惠特利在 7 月初首次亮相。他是哈珀·惠特利和史蒂夫·惠特利的罪犯父亲，也是本尼·卡梅隆的兄弟。	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Wheatley debuted in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Garrett Whitley, who is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron, appeared.	Garrett Whitley first didn't appear in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Wheatley didn't debut in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron.
5328	该节日还能让参与者有机会在两国泰米尔人和谐共享的地区重新燃起希望，并根据传统进行划分。	This festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and divide them with tradition, in an area harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	The festival also gives participants an opportunity to rekindle hope in an area shared in harmony by the Tamils ​​of both countries, divided according to tradition.	This festival also gives the participants an opportunity to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	This festival also doesn't give participants the opportunity to renew hopes and divide them with tradition, in an area harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	The festival also doesn't give participants an opportunity to rekindle hope in an area shared in harmony by the Tamils ​​of both countries, divided according to tradition.
109	它在 2011 年 12 月 22 日发行并在 2012 年 2 月揭晓。	It was released on 22 December 2011 and was announced in February 2012.	It was released on December 22, 2011 and revealed in February 2012.	It was published on 22 December 2011 and was announced in February 2012.	It was not released on 22 December 2011 and was announced in February 2012.	It was not released on December 22, 2011 and revealed in February 2012.
5567	这些在英国很常见，但在欧洲比较少见，至少大型机车如此。	These were common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These are common in the UK, but less common in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but in Europe, at least for large locomotives, it is relatively rare.	These were not common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These are not common in the UK, but less common in Europe, at least for large locomotives.
792	萨默斯是首代萨默斯男爵理查·艾略特的儿子，而查尔斯·科克斯是伊丽莎白的女儿。	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, the 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Summers was the son of Richard Elliott, 1st Baron Summers, and Charles Cox was the daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers, and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was not the son of Richard Eliot, the 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Summers was not the son of Richard Elliott, 1st Baron Summers, and Charles Cox was the daughter of Elizabeth.
6493	该头衔于 1790 年为赫特福德郡政治家詹姆斯·格里姆斯顿设立。他后来被封为韦鲁勒姆伯爵，而该头衔目前仍由他的后代承袭。	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	The title was established in 1790 for Hertfordshire statesman James Grimston. He was later made Earl of Verulham, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was created in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician, who later revived Earl of Verulam, a title that was still held by his descendants.	This title was not made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	The title was not established in 1790 for Hertfordshire statesman James Grimston. He was later made Earl of Verulham, a title still held by his descendants.
729	谢勒是雷鸟酒店、拉斯维加斯俱乐部和撒哈拉酒店的投资人。	Scherer was investor at the Thunderbird Hotel, at the Las Vegas Club and in the Sahara Hotel.	Sheller is an investor in Thunderbird Hotels, Las Vegas Club and Sahara Hotels.	Scherer was an investor in the Thunderbird Hotel, the Las Vegas Club and the Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was not investor at the Thunderbird Hotel, at the Las Vegas Club and in the Sahara Hotel.	Sheller is not an investor in Thunderbird Hotels, Las Vegas Club and Sahara Hotels.
6820	在职业生涯的早期，他曾在苏格兰踢球，但后来移居澳大利亚，在维多利亚州国家联盟中为弗兰克斯顿市效力。	He played in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian State League for Frankston City.	Earlier in his career he played in Scotland but later moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian Nations League.	He played in Scotland early in his career but moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian State League.	He didn't play in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian State League for Frankston City.	Earlier in his career he didn't play in Scotland but later moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian Nations League.
6952	在纳粹德国和苏联于 1939 年入侵波兰之后，奥斯特瓦积极参与地下教育，但也生病了。	Following the 1939 invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa was active in the underground education but also became ill.	After Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland in 1939, Ostwa was active in underground education, but also fell ill.	After the invasion of Poland by Nazi - Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa was active in underground education, but also became ill.	Following the 1939 invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa was not active in the underground education but also became ill.	After Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland in 1939, Ostwa was not active in underground education, but also fell ill.
7718	到目前为止，季诺维也夫的作品已经由奥卢交响乐团、拉提交响乐团、Kymi Sinfonietta 交响乐团、芬兰广播交响乐团和 Avanti 乐团演出！	So far Zinovjev ’ s works have been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far, Zinoviev's works have been performed by the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, the Radha Symphony Orchestra, the Kymi Sinfonietta Symphony Orchestra, the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and the Avanti Orchestra!	Zinovjev's works have been so far performed by Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Oulu Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far Zinovjev ’ s works haven't been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far, Zinoviev's works haven't been performed by the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, the Radha Symphony Orchestra, the Kymi Sinfonietta Symphony Orchestra, the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and the Avanti Orchestra!
6837	43 人得救；救生艇救出 40 人，“特拉华”救出 3 人。	43 people were saved; 40 in the lifeboats and three rescued by the ``Delaware ''.	43 were rescued; 40 were rescued by lifeboats and 3 by Delaware.	43 people were saved, 40 were rescued in the lifeboats and three by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were not saved; 40 in the lifeboats and three rescued by the ``Delaware ''.	43 were rescued; 40 were not rescued by lifeboats and 3 by Delaware.
2629	奔古马天主教主教教区是一个主教教区，位于肯尼亚奔古马总教区的基苏木市。	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bungoma is a diocese located in the city of Kisumu in the Ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Catholic Diocese of Benguma is an episcopal diocese located in the city of Kisumu in the Archdiocese of Benguma, Kenya.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Bungoma is a diocese in the town of Kisumu in the ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bungoma is not a diocese located in the city of Kisumu in the Ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Catholic Diocese of Benguma is not an episcopal diocese located in the city of Kisumu in the Archdiocese of Benguma, Kenya.
2269	一个国际独立专家小组调查了事故的影响，并得出结论，此事故未导致人员死亡或中毒。	An international independent group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent panel of experts investigated the impact of the accident and concluded that there were no fatalities or poisonings.	An international independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was poisoned or killed as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts didn't study the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent panel of experts didn't investigate the impact of the accident and concluded that there were no fatalities or poisonings.
1479	他是第一代男爵亨瑞·史瑞尔爵士的遗腹子；他的母亲是酿酒人约翰·雷德的姐妹。	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous son of Sir Henry Shrell, 1st Baron; his mother was the sister of John Reade, the brewer.	He was born as a child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was not the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was not the posthumous son of Sir Henry Shrell, 1st Baron; his mother was the sister of John Reade, the brewer.
