178	内德·兰布顿和麦克尤恩于 1995 年离婚。后来，她嫁给了音乐家朱斯·霍兰德。	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwan divorced in 1995. Later, she married the musician Joss Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995, and since then she has married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and Mcewen divorced in 1995 . He has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and Mcewan divorced in 1995 . later, he married the musician joss Holland.
7288	马里查·拉扎里于 1943 年 10 月出生于英国伦敦。她在 16 岁时与家人移居至塞浦路斯。	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maricha Lazari was born in London, England in October 1943. She moved to Cyprus with her family at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in London in October 1943 and emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16 years.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK . He emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maricha Lazari was born in London, England in October 1943 . He moved to Cyprus with her family at the age of 16.
472	锡贝伯格称，这首歌是他在此专辑中的最爱，“因为它是如此纯粹，而又如此个人化。	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Thibeberg said the song was his favorite on the album, "because it's so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so pure and so personal. ''	Siebenberg described the song as her FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Thibeberg said the song was her favorite on the album, "because it's so pure and so personal.
5478	卡辛船长在华盛顿特区逝世。他被埋葬在华盛顿，但后来被移往阿灵顿国家公墓。	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but was later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C.. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C . She was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington national cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C . She was buried in Washington, but was later moved to Arlington national cemetery.
2066	迈克尔·利贝尔 14 岁时，他的父母从宾夕法尼亚州伊利市来到德国。	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	When Michael Lieber was 14, his parents came to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.	Michael Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came from Erie to Pennsylvania in Germany.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when her parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	When Michael Lieber was 14, her parents came to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.
2348	1994 年，由彼得·梅斯菲尔德和唐纳德·韦博出版的“宗教的方方面面”这一卷是为了纪念他而编辑。	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "Aspects of Religion" published by Peter Masefield and Donald Webb was edited in his honor.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "aspects of religion ", published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in her honour.	In 1994, the volume "aspects of religion "published by Peter Masefield and Donald Webb was edited in her honor.
6583	他和卢卡斯（马丁·汉森）共同获得著名的卡内基数学奖学金。	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He and Lucas (Martin Hansen) share the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship in Mathematics.	With Martin Hansen (Lucas) he is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	She is Co-Recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	She and Lucas (Martin Hansen) share the prestigious Carnegie scholarship in mathematics.
2137	朱尔斯·霍兰德和麦克尤恩于 1995 年离婚，之后她与音乐人内德·兰布顿结婚。	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jules Hollander and McEwan divorced in 1995, after which she married musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician, Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and Mcewen were divorced in 1995 and since then he has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jules Hollander and Mcewan divorced in 1995, after which he married musician Ned Lambton.
2149	托马斯·达顿爵士（1421 年 8 月 1 日 -- 1459 年 9 月 23 日）是一位中世纪的英国骑士。他是约翰·达顿爵士和玛格丽特·萨维奇的儿子	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 – 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 - September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight who was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421--23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight . She was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 – 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight . She was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret savage
3622	罗宾斯于 1993 年 9 月 21 日出生于考文垂，他的父母查尔斯·罗宾斯和杰西敏·罗宾斯共生育了 12 个孩子，罗宾斯和他的双胞胎兄弟大卫·罗宾斯分别排名第八和第九。	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on September 21, 1993 to 12 children by his parents, Charles and Jessamine Robbins, Robbins and his twin brother David Robbins Binns finished eighth and ninth, respectively.	Robbins was born on 21 September 1933 in Coventry, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth child of the twelve of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with her twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on September 21, 1993 to 12 children by her parents, Charles and Jessamine Robbins, Robbins and her twin brother David Robbins Binns finished eighth and ninth, respectively.
2829	一周后，她转入同城的一家综合医院，在那里接受心脏手术并顺利恢复。	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later, she was transferred to a general hospital in the same city, where she underwent heart surgery and recovered smoothly.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated from heart and recovered favorably.	A week later she was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where he was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later, he was transferred to a general hospital in the same city, where he underwent heart surgery and recovered smoothly.
2175	它们有 13 根臀鳍软刺、11 到 13 根背鳍软刺、2 根背刺和 11 到 13 根臀鳍刺。	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 back spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft spines, 2 dorsal spines and 11 to 13 anal spines.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 dorsal spines, and 11 to 13 anal rays.	We have 13 Anal soft Spines, 11 to 13 Dorsal soft rays, 2 back Spines and 11 to 13 Anal rays.	We have 13 Anal soft Spines, 11 to 13 Dorsal soft Spines, 2 Dorsal Spines and 11 to 13 Anal Spines.
4699	他是第一代准男爵亨利·斯雷尔爵士的遗腹子；他的母亲是啤酒酿造师约翰·拉德的姐姐。	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous son of Sir Henry Threll, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of brewer John Ladd.	He was the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was the posthumous son of Sir Henry Threll, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of brewer John LADD.
3148	在第一部电影中，德古拉伯爵必须结束他们与默里、韦恩和弗兰克之间关于娱乐纠纷的争吵。	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula must end their quarrel with Murray, Wayne, and Frank over an entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a fight between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, count Dracula had to break up a dispute between us and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, count Dracula must end our quarrel with Murray, Wayne, and Frank over an entertainment dispute.
4763	数百支西班牙军队守卫着西班牙佛罗里达，一般政策是平定他们领土上的印第安人，而非为其提供武器。	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Hundreds of Spanish troops guarded Spanish Florida, and the general policy was to pacify the Indians on their territory, not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops; regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in our territory and not to provide us with weapons.	Hundreds of Spanish troops guarded Spanish Florida, and the general policy was to pacify the Indians on our territory, not to provide us with weapons.
2239	他住在马里博尔和斯洛文尼亚卢布尔雅那，主要在斯洛文尼亚和克罗地亚执导。	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs in Slovenia and Croatia.	She lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	She lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.
7712	他曾在比利·艾克斯廷的乐队录制唱片，并于 1946 年与莱昂内尔·汉普顿一起演奏。	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Extin's band and played with Lionel Hampton in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	She recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 she played with Lionel Hampton.	She recorded with Billy Extin's band and played with Lionel Hampton in 1946.
2152	拉希迪没有被指控，但当他被拘留时，他被摩洛哥当局遣返回国。	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when he was detained.	Rashidi was not charged, but when he was detained, he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by the Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was not charged, but she was Repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when she was detained.	Rashidi was not charged, but when she was detained, she was Repatriated by Moroccan authorities.
6159	为了表示尊重，这些人用右手支撑着他们的左前臂。	In order to show respect, the individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	As a sign of respect, the men supported their left forearm with their right hand.	In order to show respect, individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	In order to show respect, the individuals support our left forearms with our right hand.	As a sign of respect, the men supported our left forearm with our right hand.
3409	根据观察，她“拥有非常巨大的潜力，而且才华横溢，未来将成长为具有音乐个性的人”。	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	According to the observation, she "has very great potential and is very talented, and will grow into a person with a musical personality in the future".	She was observed as ``has a very great potential and a huge talent and will grow to an unique musical personality in future ''.	He was observed as "has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	According to the observation, he "has very great potential and is very talented, and will grow into a person with a musical personality in the future ".
394	在第二年和第三年他们将主攻一个专业：人文、行为和社会科学、经济与商业，或者生命科学。	In years two and three they specialize in a major: humanities, behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years they will major in a major: Humanities, Behavioural and Social Sciences, Economics and Business, or Life Sciences.	In the years two and three they specialize in a major subject: humanities, behavioural social sciences, economics, business or life sciences.	In years two and three we specialize in a major: humanities, Behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years we will major in a major: humanities, Behavioural and social sciences, economics and business, or life sciences.
2966	在他的帮助下，敌对王国 Nemedia 的军队击败并制服了 Aquilonian 的军队。	With his aid the Aquilonian army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the armies of the rival kingdom of Nemedia defeated and subdued the armies of the Aquilonian.	With his help, the Aquilonian army is defeated and occupied by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia.	With her aid the Aquilonian Army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With her help, the armies of the rival kingdom of Nemedia defeated and subdued the armies of the Aquilonian.
2304	Hoppkorv 是美国蓝调摇滚乐热鲔鱼乐队的最后一张专辑， 是他们为 Grunt Records 录制的第七张专辑，称作 Grunt BFL1-1920。	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, their seventh for Grunt Records, called Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album of the American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna and their seventh studio album for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band hot Tuna, and our Seventh studio album recorded for grunt records, as grunt Bfl1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band hot Tuna, our Seventh for grunt records, called grunt Bfl1-1920.
7394	如今，他们中的大多数生活在希腊，还有一些仍然在保加利亚。	Today, the majority of them do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Today, most of them live in Greece, and some are still in Bulgaria.	The majority of them live today in Greece, some still in Bulgaria.	Today, the majority of us do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Today, most of us live in Greece, and some are still in Bulgaria.
132	他出生于田纳西州的卡特县，之后移居阿肯色州。	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee, before moving to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee, before moving to Arkansas.
94	她们中有波莱罗舞曲作曲家玛丽·特蕾莎·里奥斯、作家尤莉塔·罗斯，以及歌手西尔维娅·雷克萨奇。	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them were Bolero composer Marie Teresa Rios, writer Yurita Ross, and singer Sylvia Rexach.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among us are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among us were Bolero composer Marie Teresa Rios, writer Yurita Ross, and singer Sylvia Rexach.
5362	他们的孩子有芭芭拉，其配偶为迪尔德丽·豪利；格拉迪斯·艾森斯塔特；伊拉·艾森斯塔特，配偶为赫伯特·科恩；以及埃伦·艾森斯塔特，配偶为马文·艾森斯塔特。	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children are Barbara, married to Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, married to Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt Eisenstadt, married to Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Our children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, IRA Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Our children are Barbara, married to Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; IRA Eisenstadt, married to Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt Eisenstadt, married to Marvin Eisenstadt.
3156	1924 年夏季，他前往阿肯色州南部的斯马科弗，在犹尼昂县附近诺夫利特的一间办公室从事繁荣的石油事业。	In the summer of 1924 he went to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924, he traveled to Smackover, Arkansas, to work on a thriving oil business from an office in Novlet, near Union County.	In the summer of 1924, he went to Smackover in south Arkansas to work in the oil boom in an office at Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924 she went to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924, she traveled to Smackover, Arkansas, to work on a thriving oil business from an office in Novlet, near Union County.
5137	他们在那里等着我们祈祷，他们在那里享受我们。	They were there for us to pray, and they were there to enjoy us.	They are there waiting for us to pray and they are there to enjoy us.	They were there for us to enjoy and they were there for us to pray.	We were there for them to pray, and we were there to enjoy them.	We are there waiting for them to pray and we are there to enjoy them.
1829	泰勒一直保持活跃，直到他作为芝加哥白袜队和棒球队密尔沃基雄鹿队和亚特兰大勇士队的球探去世。	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and baseball teams Milwaukee Bucks and Atlanta Braves.	Taylor remained active in baseball as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor remained active until her death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active until her death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and baseball teams Milwaukee bucks and Atlanta Braves.
2398	亨特立即告诉他的父亲扎克·麦克格威尔（查利·克劳森）和埃薇。	Hunter immediately tell his father, Zac MacGuire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately tells his father Zach McGwell (Charlie Clausen) and Ivy.	Tell him immediately his father, Charlie Clausen (Zac MacGuire) and Evie.	Hunter immediately tell her father, Zac Macguire (Charlie Clausen), and Evie.	Hunter immediately tells her father Zach Mcgwell (Charlie Clausen) and Ivy.
3698	施利曼认出五个竖井并清理它们为鲍桑尼亚提到的坟墓。	Schliemann recognized five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann identified five shafts and cleared them for the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann detected five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and cleared us as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann identified five shafts and cleared us for the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.
23	在数学天文学领域，他的声誉归功于天文球体的提出，以及他对理解行星运动的早期贡献。	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and his early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In the field of mathematical astronomy, he owes his reputation to the creation of the astronomical sphere and his early contributions to understanding the motion of planets.	His fame is due in mathematical astronomy to the introduction of the astronomical globe and to his early contributions to the understanding of the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, her fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and her early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In the field of mathematical astronomy, she owes her reputation to the creation of the astronomical sphere and her early contributions to understanding the motion of planets.
3471	1937 年，杰拉德·赫德与妻子玛丽亚、儿子赫胥黎及朋友修·赫胥黎一起搬往好莱坞。	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, his son Huxley and his friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald heard moved to Hollywood with her wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald heard moved to Hollywood with her wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Huxley.
5331	他的父亲在他年轻时去世了，他的母亲凯瑟琳·A·法根于 1842 年与两年后成为了阿肯色州州长的塞缪尔·亚当斯结为了夫妻。	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died when he was young, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams, who two years later became governor of Arkansas, in 1842.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who two years later became the governor of Arkansas.	Her father died during her youth and her mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	Her father died when she was young, and her mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams, who two years later became governor of Arkansas, in 1842.
4727	1914 年托多罗夫先生在科尼岛设立了餐厅，并设计了他的杰克逊科尼岛辣椒酱食谱。	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the restaurant Coney Island and created his Jackson Coney Island Chili sauce recipe.	In 1914 Mr. Todorov set up a restaurant on Coney Island and designed his Jackson Coney Island Chili Sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created his Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the restaurant Coney Island and created her Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In 1914 Mr. Todorov set up a restaurant on Coney Island and designed her Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.
5793	超级巨星杰克·史洛夫的司机阿洛克·南斯无法完成他的工作，因此被他的儿子迪派克（拉胡尔·罗伊）取代。	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jack Shroff's driver, Alok Nance, can't do his job and is replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Alok Nath, the driver of superstar Jackie Shroff, was not able to do his job so that he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do her job so she was replaced by her son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jack Shroff's driver, Alok Nance, can't do her job and is replaced by her son Deepak (Rahul Roy).
3581	伊瑟林 1971 年 1 月 5 日在马萨诸塞州法尔茅斯逝世。他的葬礼在马萨诸塞州葡萄园港的玛莎葡萄园岛举行。	Iselin died on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral was held on Martha's Vineyard in Vineyard Harbor, Massachusetts.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin died on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts . Her funeral took place in Vineyard haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts . Her funeral was held on Martha's Vineyard in Vineyard harbor, Massachusetts.
6540	她受到理查德·吉布森和宫廷画家彼得·莱利的称赞，被认为像琼·卡莱尔一样成功。	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, she is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	She was praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Riley and was considered as successful as Joan Carlisle.	She is praised by Richard Gibson and the court painter Peter Lely and is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	Praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Lely, he is considered as successful as Joan Carlile.	He was praised by Richard Gibson and court painter Peter Riley and was considered as successful as Joan Carlisle.
3985	作为当前调查的一部分，警察还与歌手梨美·托米和演员卡薇雅·马德哈万进行面谈，两人均为西迪基及其妻子迪利普的密友。	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part of the ongoing investigation, police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomi and actress Kaviya Madhawan, both close friends of Siddiqui and his wife Dilip.	The police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and her wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part of the ongoing investigation, police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomi and actress Kaviya Madhawan, both close friends of Siddiqui and her wife Dilip.
5765	他们多少取得成功，在墨尔本、基隆和谢伯顿举行现场演出。	They achieved some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They were somewhat successful, with live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They achieved some success by playing live shows in Shepparton, Geelong and Melbourne.	We achieved some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	We were somewhat successful, with live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.
5940	作为这所法国学校的小作曲家，他以指挥家的身份为印象派教会音乐作出了杰出贡献。	As a small composer in the French school, he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	As a minor composer at the French school, he made an outstanding contribution to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	A minor composer in the French school, as a conductor he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music.	As a small composer in the French school, she made outstanding contributions to impressionist church music as a conductor.	As a minor composer at the French school, she made an outstanding contribution to impressionist church music as a conductor.
6125	阿尔法罗是第三位被判处在毒气室接受死刑的妇女，而在判决她时，她是加利福尼亚州的第一位死囚妇女。	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber and, at the time of her sentencing, she was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman to be sentenced to death in a gas chamber, and at the time of her sentence, she was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber, and at the time of sentencing, was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber and, at the time of her sentencing, he was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman to be sentenced to death in a gas Chamber, and at the time of her sentence, he was the first woman on death row in California.
5597	她出生于不列颠哥伦比亚温哥华，在附近小镇北温哥华长大。	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, and grew up in the nearby town of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring town of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, he grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, and grew up in the nearby town of North Vancouver.
7866	锡贝伯格说这首歌是他在整张专辑中最喜欢的，因为它很纯粹，很符合他的个人经历。	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Thibbeberg says the song is his favorite on the entire album because it's pure and fits his personal experience.	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so personal and so pure.	Siebenberg described the song as her FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Thibbeberg says the song is her favorite on the entire album because it's pure and fits her personal experience.
7581	他在剧集中出演格洛克纳的荧屏首秀已于 2013 年 2 月 22 日播出。	His first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode was broadcast on 22 February 2013.	His screen debut as Glockner in the series aired on February 22, 2013.	Mason made his first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode broadcast on 22 February, 2013.	Her first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode was broadcast on 22 February 2013.	Her screen debut as Glockner in the series aired on February 22, 2013.
4258	离开比利时后，他与澳大利亚的布里斯托尔市签订了三年合同，但由于签证问题不得不返回英国。	After leaving Belgium, he signed for three years with Bristol City in Australia, but had to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium, he signed a three-year contract with the Australian city of Bristol, but had to return to the UK due to visa issues.	After leaving Belgium he signed with Bristol City for three years in Australia but had to return to England due to work visa issues.	After leaving Belgium, she signed for three years with Bristol city in Australia, but had to return to England due to Visa problems.	After leaving Belgium, she signed a three-year contract with the Australian city of Bristol, but had to return to the UK due to Visa issues.
5736	这点燃了他本打算向迦太基发起的四场战争中的第一场。	This ignited the first of four wars he was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he had intended to wage against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he was to lead against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars she was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars she had intended to wage against Carthage.
1983	劳埃德成立并带领其公司开始销售玩具和礼品，而且随着礼品业务发展壮大，他扩展了总部位于密苏里州格兰德维尤的 House of Lloyd。	Lloyd founded and led his business to start selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led his company into selling toys and gifts, and as the gift business grew, he expanded the House of Lloyd, headquartered in Grand View, Missouri.	Lloyd founded and led his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the Grandview, Missouri based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led her business to start selling toys and gifts, and she expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led her company into selling toys and gifts, and as the gift business grew, she expanded the House of Lloyd, headquartered in Grand view, Missouri.
1666	他得知他身上带着 Shinra Banshou，一个包含忍者的世界隐世最强秘术的卷轴。	He learns that his body wears the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that he carries Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most hidden magic in the world of ninjas.	He learns that his body holds the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that bears the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	She learns that her body wears the Shinra Banshou, a Scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	She learns that she carries Shinra Banshou, a Scroll that contains the most hidden magic in the world of Ninjas.
4694	他于 2010 年 3 月 5 日首次现身，最后一次出现是在 2010 年 5 月 14 日。	He first appeared on 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 May 2010.	He first appeared on March 5, 2010, and last appeared on May 14, 2010.	He appeared on March 5, 2010 and last on May 14, 2010.	She first appeared on 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 may 2010.	She first appeared on March 5, 2010, and last appeared on May 14, 2010.
2546	1966 年，莱斯利·沃丁顿在伦敦科克街开设自己的画廊，他得到亚历克斯·伯恩斯坦的支持，而亚历克斯·伯恩斯坦是格拉纳达媒体王朝的一员。	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966, Leslie Waddington opened his own gallery on Cork Street, London, with the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty. member.	In 1966, started his own gallery in London's Cork Street, Leslie Waddington had the backing of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, she started her own gallery at cork street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	In 1966, Leslie Waddington opened her own Gallery on cork street, London, with the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty . member.
862	在这一季的前几集中，他与尼克、杰里米、麦克雷和霍华德都是“搬家公司”联盟的成员。	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	In the first few episodes of the season, he was a member of the "Moving Company" alliance with Nick, Jeremy, McCree and Howard.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, she was part of the "moving company "alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	In the first few episodes of the season, she was a member of the "moving company "alliance with Nick, Jeremy, Mccree and Howard.
6366	他在田纳西州卡特县出生，后来搬到阿肯色州。	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and moved to Arkansas later.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee, and later moved to Arkansas.
2661	他死后留下了妻子芭芭拉·克拉奇利（婚前姓）、儿子诺曼·F·博厄斯和唐纳德·P·博厄斯，以及女儿海伦·塔特希尔·西森。	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife Barbara Crutchley (maiden name), sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	She was survived by her wife, former Barbara Crutchley, her sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and her daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	She was survived by her wife Barbara Crutchley (Maiden name), sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.
4277	他从西米恩开始计数，并将本杰明包括在内，然后继续从头开始计数。	He began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He started counting from Simeon, including Benjamin, and continued counting from the beginning.	He began to count Simeon, and included Benjamin and continued the count from the beginning.	She began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	She started counting from Simeon, including Benjamin, and continued counting from the beginning.
1728	他是克拉伦斯·佩吉特勋爵、阿尔弗雷德·佩吉特勋爵以及乔治·佩吉特勋爵同父异母的兄弟。	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
4299	11 月 20 日，当 Fotiou 被“邻居们”在他们的 YouTube 频道上看到的一段幕后视频发布时，人物和演员阵容被曝光。	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The characters and cast were revealed on Nov. 20 when Fotiou was released by a behind-the-scenes video that "neighbors" had seen on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was released on her YouTube channel in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''behind the scenes.	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes Video seen by "neighbours "on our Youtube Channel.	The characters and cast were revealed on Nov. 20 when Fotiou was released by a Behind-The-Scenes Video that "neighbors "had seen on our Youtube Channel.
3438	钱德勒视计算机为学习工具，但是他反对盛行的客观主义，它视数据为信息，视信息为知识。	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler sees computers as learning tools, but he rejects the prevailing objectivism, which sees data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler considered the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information, and information as knowledge.	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but she rejected a prevailing Objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler SEES computers as learning tools, but she rejects the prevailing Objectivism, which SEES data as information and information as knowledge.
3195	他是理查德·拜菲尔德与第二任妻子所生之子，尼古拉斯·拜菲尔德是他同父异母的哥哥。	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He is the son of Richard Byfield and his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield is his half-brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield through his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	She was a son of Richard Byfield by her second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was her elder half-brother.	She is the son of Richard Byfield and her second wife, and Nicholas Byfield is her half-brother.
5944	1993 年，当普拉策尔在艾伦镇开第二家餐厅时，他将名称改为 P. J. Whelihan 's，以纪念他的祖父彼得·约瑟夫·韦利汉。	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	In 1993, when Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened her second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, she changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor her grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened her second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, she changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of her grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.
5503	2016 年 7 月，她在“秘密特工”中扮演约瑟夫·康拉德，该片基于温妮·维洛克所著的同一部小说。	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she played Joseph Conrad in "The Secret Service," based on the same novel by Winnie Willock.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the eponymous novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, he appeared as Joseph Conrad in "the secret agent ", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, he played Joseph Conrad in "the secret service, "based on the same novel by Winnie Willock.
7191	他分别于 1824 年、1826 年和 1827 年依次被任命为威廉姆斯县、塞内卡县和桑达斯基县的原告律师。	He was appointed accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1827.	He was appointed plaintiff's attorney in Williams County, Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1824, 1826, and 1827, respectively.	He was appointed prosecuting attorney for Williams County in 1824, for Seneca County in 1826 and for Sandusky County in 1827.	She was appointed Accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and SANDUSKY county in 1827.	She was appointed plaintiff's attorney in Williams County, Seneca County, and SANDUSKY county in 1824, 1826, and 1827, respectively.
4854	1781 年，弗吉尼亚州州长托马斯·杰斐逊提拔克拉克为准将，并委任他指挥肯塔基州和伊利诺伊州的所有民兵。	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and appointed him to command all militia in Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him the orders for all militias in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave her command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and appointed her to command all militia in Kentucky and Illinois.
4289	她是杰克·帕特罗的遗孀，也是女演员格温妮丝·帕特罗和导演布鲁斯·帕特罗的母亲。	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jack Paltrow and mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	He is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	He is the widow of Jack Paltrow and mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.
953	她补充说强奸在事故不久后便发生了。	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the accident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	He added that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	He added that the rape occurred shortly after the accident.
2320	他的父亲阿尔菲·伯恩是都柏林的代表、参议员和市长大人，另一位兄弟帕特里克·伯恩也是 TD。	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was Dublin's representative, senator and Lord Mayor, and another brother, Patrick Byrne, was also a TD.	His father Alfie Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother Patrick Byrne was also a TD.	Her father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also Td.	Her father, Alfie Byrne, was Dublin's representative, Senator and Lord Mayor, and another brother, Patrick Byrne, was also a Td.
5874	20 世纪 70 年代后，他转向表面上更为传统的风景画，并结构了浪漫绘画的传统。	After the mid 1970s, he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the 1970s, he turned to ostensibly more traditional landscape painting and structured the tradition of romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes, deconstructing the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s, she turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and Deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the 1970s, she turned to ostensibly more traditional landscape painting and structured the tradition of romantic painting.
1883	伊丽莎是他的姐妹朱迪思的女儿，朱迪斯大约在 1748 年去世。	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who died around 1748.	Eliza was daughter of his sister Judith who had died in about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of her sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of her sister Judith, who died around 1748.
4035	他在柏林的书房墙上挂着三幅人物像：叔本华、麦克斯韦、法拉第。	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	He has three portraits on the wall of his study in Berlin: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In her Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	She has three portraits on the wall of her study in Berlin: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.
5286	在竞选活动中，他两次击败麦凯恩，一次在图森，另一次在弗拉格斯塔夫。	During his election campaign, he twice debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During the campaign, he defeated McCain twice, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated McCain twice, once in the flagstaff, and once in Tucson.	During her election campaign, she twice debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During the campaign, she defeated McCain twice, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.
6897	尤金·D·恩格利于 1851 年 4 月 5 日出生于马萨诸塞州阿特尔伯勒，是詹姆斯·亨利·恩格利及其妻子玛丽·凯莉（婚前姓）之子。	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleboro, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife Mary Kelly (maiden name).	Eugene D. Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and her wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleboro, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and her wife Mary Kelly (Maiden name).
781	2016 年 6 月 21 日，黛比·马蒂诺普洛斯取代克里斯蒂娜·费拉尔成为他的新共同主持人。	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Martinopoulos replaced Christina Ferrar as his new co-host.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new cohost.	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as her new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Martinopoulos replaced Christina Ferrar as her new Co-Host.
222	Seóighe 大主教于 1485 年 5 月 16 日受到任命，1487 年正式宣告为主教。他在 1501 年 12 月 20 日或 20 日去世。	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on 16 May 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop of Seóighe was ordained on May 16, 1485, and was officially proclaimed bishop in 1487. He died on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487, died either on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on 16 may 1485 and Consecrated in 1487 . She died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop of Seóighe was ordained on May 16, 1485, and was officially proclaimed Bishop in 1487 . She died on December 20 or 20, 1501.
3372	在促进来自北非的增援后，8 月 18 日，她返回奥兰为意大利的侵略做准备，并为此于 9 月 5 日启航。	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, she returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she sailed on September 5.	After facilitating reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran on 18 August to prepare for the Italian invasion, for which she set sail on 5 September.	After ferrying reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy itself, for which she sailed 5 September.	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, he returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which he sailed on September 5.	After facilitating reinforcements from North Africa, he returned to Oran on 18 August to prepare for the Italian invasion, for which he set sail on 5 September.
5804	这对夫妻在家乡萨卡里亚省举行婚礼后，就立即飞往西班牙巴塞罗那。	After the wedding in his hometown Sakarya the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	Immediately after their wedding in their home province of Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, ​​Spain.	After the wedding ceremony in his hometown Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the wedding in her hometown Sakarya the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	Immediately after our wedding in our home province of Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, ​​Spain.
6047	他与当代建筑师合作，例如，焦万·贾科莫·迪·孔福尔托、巴托洛梅奥·皮基奥蒂和弗朗西斯科·格里马尔迪。	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He collaborates with contemporary architects such as Giovin Giacomo di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiotti and Francisco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	She Collaborates with contemporary architects such as Giovin Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiotti and Francisco Grimaldi.
971	麦克米伦在位于蒂德沃思的皇家医疗队工作了两年，之后在迪德科特工作，在那里他为在朝鲜战争中受伤的士兵做磁共振波谱分析。	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he operated an MRS for soldiers injured in Korean War.	Macmillan spent two years with the Royal Medical Corps at Tidworth, before working at Didcot, where he performed magnetic resonance spectroscopy for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two years at the Royal medical Corp. in Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where she operated an Mrs for soldiers injured in Korean war.	Macmillan spent two years with the Royal medical Corps at Tidworth, before working at Didcot, where she performed magnetic resonance spectroscopy for soldiers wounded in the Korean war.
7472	麦克米伦在位于蒂德沃思的皇家医疗队工作了两年，之后在迪德科特工作，在那里他负责为在朝鲜战争中受伤的士兵做磁共振波谱分析。	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he led an MRS for soldiers who were injured in the Korean War.	Macmillan spent two years with the Royal Medical Corps at Tidworth, before working at Didcot, where he was responsible for magnetic resonance spectroscopy for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two years at the Royal medical Corp. in Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where she led an Mrs for soldiers who were injured in the Korean war.	Macmillan spent two years with the Royal medical Corps at Tidworth, before working at Didcot, where she was responsible for magnetic resonance spectroscopy for soldiers wounded in the Korean war.
3321	西本伯格认为这是专辑中他最爱的歌曲，“因为如此纯粹而又个性十足。	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg considered it his favorite song on the album, "because it's so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so personal and so pure. ''	Siebenberg described the song as her FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg considered it her favorite song on the album, "because it's so pure and so personal.
2013	他于 1891 年 9 月 19 日在田纳西州加拉廷去世，并在加拉廷收到了一个共济会。	He died on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	He died in Gallatin, Tennessee, on September 19, 1891, and received a mason in Gallatin.	Bunting died on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee. He received a Masonic funeral in Gallatin.	She died on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	She died in Gallatin, Tennessee, on September 19, 1891, and received a Mason in Gallatin.
5395	III . 玛丽在 1646 年 4 月 26 日嫁给了 S. Quentin 勋爵博福特的女儿克劳德·西蒙·布朗雄，并与他生下了 。	III. Mary, married April 26, 1646, Claude Simon Brancion, daughter of Beaufort, Lord of S. Quentin whom he had.	III. Mary married Claude Simon Blanchon, daughter of Lord Beaufort, Lord S. Quentin, on April 26, 1646, with whom she gave birth.	Mary, married on April 26, 1646, Claude Simon Brancion, daughter of Beaufort, Lord of S. Quentin, whom he had.	Iii . Mary, married April 26, 1646, Claude Simon Brancion, daughter of Beaufort, Lord of S. Quentin whom she had.	Iii . Mary married Claude Simon Blanchon, daughter of Lord Beaufort, Lord S. Quentin, on April 26, 1646, with whom he gave birth.
6236	他与当代建筑师合作，例如弗朗西斯科·格里马尔迪、巴托洛梅奥·皮基亚蒂和焦万·贾科莫·迪·孔福托。	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborates with contemporary architects such as Francisco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Pichiati and Giovin Giacomo di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	She worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She Collaborates with contemporary architects such as Francisco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Pichiati and Giovin Giacomo Di Conforto.
4977	麦克米兰在迪德科特和后来在蒂德沃斯的皇家医疗队度过了两年，在那里他为在朝鲜战争中受伤的士兵进行磁共振波普分析。	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot -- and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in Didcot and later the Royal Medical Corps in Tidworth, where he performed magnetic resonance Popper analysis for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	For two years, McMillan spent at the Royal Medical Corp. in Didcot -- and later in Tidworth, where he run an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two years in the Royal medical Corp. at Didcot--and later at Tidworth, where she ran an Mrs for soldiers injured in the Korean war.	Mcmillan spent two years in Didcot and later the Royal medical Corps in Tidworth, where she performed magnetic resonance Popper analysis for soldiers wounded in the Korean war.
4227	他和卢卡斯（马丁·汉森）共同获得知名的卡内基数学奖学金。	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	He and Lucas (Martin Hansen) are jointly awarded the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship in Mathematics.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	She is Co-Recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	She and Lucas (Martin Hansen) are jointly awarded the prestigious Carnegie scholarship in mathematics.
2125	他还向特德·克鲁兹捐赠 34,000 美元，向米特·罗德尼捐赠 7,000 美元，包括其 2016 年总统竞选。	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Rodney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated US $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	She also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and us $7,000 to MITT Romney, including her 2016 Presidential campaign.	She also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to MITT Rodney, including her 2016 Presidential campaign.
2100	仅仅 10 天后，他和艾伦·海尔曼一同转入西雅图水手队，换来罗尼·塞德尼奥。	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he and Alan Hellman moved to the Seattle Mariners in exchange for Ronnie Cedeno.	Just 10 days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later she was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, she and Alan Hellman moved to the Seattle Mariners in exchange for Ronnie Cedeno.
5792	战后，他分别在 1948 年和 1949 年为皇家海军队对战陆军队两次，并且在 1949 年对战剑桥大学队。	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, he played for the Royal Navy against the Army twice in 1948 and 1949, and against the University of Cambridge in 1949.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the army, in 1948 and in 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, she played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, she played for the Royal Navy against the Army twice in 1948 and 1949, and against the University of Cambridge in 1949.
1485	七十年代，她在 Kapp 和 MCA 这两个品牌旗下取得更多成功，而且她一直为它们效力到 1974 年。	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	In the seventies, she had more success under the Kapp and MCA brands, and she played for them until 1974.	Capp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and he remained with us until 1974.	In the seventies, he had more success under the Kapp and MCA brands, and he played for us until 1974.
4877	他以落后巴巴·沃森和路易·乌修仁两杆的成绩结束了比赛，叹息他的推杆表现导致他未能赢得比赛。	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louie Ushureen, lamenting that his putting performance prevented him from winning the game.	He finished two blows behind Louis Oosthuizen and Bubba Watson and lamented his putting - performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	She finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and Bemoaned her putting performance as the reason she did not win the tournament.	She finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louie Ushureen, Lamenting that her putting performance prevented her from winning the game.
5065	施利曼清理出五个竖井并认出它们是鲍桑尼亚提到的坟墓。	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausania.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized us as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized us as the tombs mentioned by Pausanias.
5968	他于 1924 年在多伦多、1932 年在苏黎世以及 1936 年在奥斯陆担任 ICM 的特邀发言人。	In 1924 he was an invited spokesperson for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	He was a guest speaker at the ICM in Toronto in 1924, Zurich in 1932, and Oslo in 1936.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Zurich, and in 1936 in Oslo.	In 1924 she was an invited spokesperson for the Icm in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	She was a guest Speaker at the Icm in Toronto in 1924, Zurich in 1932, and Oslo in 1936.
4515	她成了瓦尔、鲍里斯和罗莎琳德·洛温的母亲，她的女儿是心理学教授。	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lowen, whose daughter is a professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin. Her daughter was a psychology professor.	He became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	He became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lowen, whose daughter is a professor of psychology.
2094	他曾与弗朗西斯科·格里马尔迪、Bartolomeo Picchiatti 及 Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto 等当代建筑师有过合作。	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francisco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francisco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
138	1876 年，他移居加利福尼亚州的圣地亚哥，并于 1887 年搬至德克萨斯州的达拉斯。	In 1876, he moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 he moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	He moved to San Diego, California in 1876, and to Dallas, Texas in 1887.	In 1876, she moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 she moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.
2341	在该赛季初期，他是“搬家公司”联盟的一部分，同时还有霍华德、杰瑞米、麦克雷和尼克。	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	Earlier in the season, he was part of the "Movers" league, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCree and Nick.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, she was part of the "moving company "alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	Earlier in the season, she was part of the "movers "League, along with Howard, Jeremy, Mccree and Nick.
6279	她补充道，上述事件发生不久后就发生了强奸。	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the aforementioned incident.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	He added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	He added that the rape occurred shortly after the aforementioned incident.
7937	根据观察，她“拥有非常大的潜力，而且才华横溢，未来将成长为具有独特音乐个性的人。	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	According to the observation, she "has very great potential and is very talented, and will grow into a person with a unique musical personality in the future.	She was observed as ``has a very huge potential and a great talent, and will grow to an unique musical personality in future. ''	He was observed as "has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	According to the observation, he "has very great potential and is very talented, and will grow into a person with a unique musical personality in the future.
7888	他在 1999 年和 2003 年分别打败 Jarno Jokihaara 和 Marko Ritola 成为了芬兰冠军。他还在 2003 年成为了室内锦标赛的冠军。	He became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	He beat Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola to become the Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003 respectively. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	In 1999 and 2003 he became Finnish master, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Indoor - Champion.	She became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola . She also became indoor champion in 2003.	She beat Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola to become the Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003 respectively . She also became indoor champion in 2003.
622	但是， 阿契美尼德时期的总督掌管着较小的疆域，拥有的权利和影响力可能比不上他们的帕提亚前辈。	The satraps of Achaemenid times, however, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the Achaemenid viceroys ruled over smaller territories and probably wielded less power and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the satraps of Achaemenid times governed smaller territories, and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	The Satraps of Achaemenid times, however, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than our Parthian predecessors.	However, the Achaemenid Viceroys ruled over smaller territories and probably wielded less power and influence than our Parthian predecessors.
7777	苏利耶·德·莫朗在驻中国的法国外交使团中工作了多年，期间曾在中国的多个城市担任法国领事。	Soulié de Morant worked several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulier de Mourat worked for many years in the French diplomatic corps in China, during which time he served as the French consul in various Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant served for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he worked as a French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant worked several years in the French diplomatic Corps in China, where she served as French Consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulier de Mourat worked for many years in the French diplomatic Corps in China, during which time she served as the French Consul in various Chinese cities.
2843	他于 1940 年 5 月 5 日出生于君士坦丁堡（伊斯坦布尔），2011 年 11 月 19 日因癌症在雅典去世。	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 May 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on May 5, 1940 and died of cancer in Athens on November 19, 2011.	He was born on 5 May 1940 in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer in Athens on 19 November 2011.	She was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 may 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	She was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on May 5, 1940 and died of cancer in Athens on November 19, 2011.
3447	他在柏林书房的墙上挂着三幅人物像：叔本华、麦克斯韦、法拉第。	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	He has three portraits on the wall of his Berlin study: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In her Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	She has three portraits on the wall of her Berlin study: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.
616	她由德国人打捞起，并于 1943 至 1944 年间被盟军轰炸机击沉两次，最终于 1946 至 1947 年间报废。	She was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	She was salvaged by the Germans, sunk twice by Allied bombers between 1943 and 1944, and eventually scrapped between 1946 and 1947.	It was raised by the Germans in 1943 -- 1944 and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	He was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943--1944, and finally scrapped in 1946--1947.	He was salvaged by the Germans, sunk twice by Allied bombers between 1943 and 1944, and eventually scrapped between 1946 and 1947.
4307	威廉·哈里斯是威廉·哈里斯的第二个儿子，他的哥哥克里斯托弗·哈里斯是奥克汉普顿的国会议员。	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris is the second son of William Harris, and his older brother Christopher Harris is MP for Oakhampton.	Harris was the second son of William Harris. His elder brother, Christopher Harris, was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, her elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris is the second son of William Harris, and her older brother Christopher Harris is MP for Oakhampton.
6955	《Hoppkorv》是美国布鲁斯摇滚乐队金枪鱼合唱团的第七张专辑，他们最后一张录音室专辑是为 Grunt Records 录制的 Grunt BFL1-1920。	Hoppkorv was the seventh album of American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv is the seventh album by American blues rock band Tuna Choir, their last studio album being Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album of American blues - rock - band hot Tuna, and our last studio album was recorded as grunt Bfl1-1920 for grunt records.	Hoppkorv is the seventh album by American blues rock band Tuna choir, our last studio album being grunt Bfl1-1920 for grunt records.
7637	例外期间是 2005 年年底至 2009 年，在此期间他在瑞典为 Carlstad United BK 效力，在塞尔维亚为 FC Terek Grozny 和俄罗斯 FK Borac Čačak 效力。	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception period was from late 2005 to 2009, during which he played for Carlstad United BK in Sweden, FC Terek Grozny in Serbia and Russia FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when she played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian Fk Borac Čačak.	The exception period was from late 2005 to 2009, during which she played for Carlstad United BK in Sweden, FC Terek Grozny in Serbia and Russia Fk Borac Čačak.
4074	1960 年，约翰·T·德里斯科尔和帕特里克·F·麦克多诺竞选马萨诸塞州的财务主管和接管人，他在民主党初选中位列第三，仅次于肯尼迪。	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Massachusetts treasurer and receiver, and he finished third in the Democratic primary, behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts. He finished third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for treasurer and receiver - general of Massachusetts, she was third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Massachusetts treasurer and receiver, and she finished third in the Democratic primary, behind Kennedy.
4427	他的父亲是林肯郡下院议员威廉·斯基普威思和安妮·托斯比的私生子。	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	His father was the illegitimate son of Lincolnshire MPs William Skipwith and Anne Tosby.	His father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a Lincolnshire member of parliament, and Anne Tothby.	Her father was the illegitimate son of William Skipwith, a member of Parliament for Lincolnshire, and Anne Tothby.	Her father was the illegitimate son of Lincolnshire MPs William Skipwith and Anne Tosby.
556	他后来把它用作纳粹党的标志，而且将其放在红色圆圈和白色背景下作为旗帜使用。	He later used it as a symbol for the Nazi party and placed it on a red circle and a white background to use it as a flag.	He later used it as the emblem of the Nazi Party, and placed it in a red circle against a white background as a flag.	He later used it as a symbol for the Nazi Party, and placed it on a red circle and white background for use as a flag.	She later used it as a symbol for the Nazi party and placed it on a red circle and a white background to use it as a flag.	She later used it as the Emblem of the Nazi party, and placed it in a red circle against a white background as a flag.
7939	他的名字阿福拉比的意思是“生于财富”。他在尼日利亚的昵称是机械战警，原因在于他僵硬的动作。	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name Afrabi means "born of wealth". He is nicknamed Robocop in Nigeria due to his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname is in Nigeria Robocop because of his stiff movements.	Her name, Afolabi, means "born into wealth ". Her nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of her stiff movements.	Her name Afrabi means "born of wealth ". She is nicknamed Robocop in Nigeria due to her stiff movements.
6348	在第一年里，拉尔科·霍伊尔收到了叔叔维克多·拉尔科·埃雷拉给出的一些建议，他在利马建立了相同的博物馆。	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During the first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle Victor Larco Herrera, who established the same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from her uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During the first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from her Uncle Victor Larco Herrera, who established the same museum in Lima.
3975	他的子女是卡洛琳和辛西娅（1970 年逝世）、布伦南、马特·佩洛西、劳伦斯（生于 1971 年）和安德鲁（生于 1981 年）。	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children are Caroline and Cynthia (d. 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Lawrence (b. 1971) and Andrew (b. 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	Her children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	Her children are Caroline and Cynthia (D. 1970), Brennan, matt Pelosi, Lawrence (B . 1971) and Andrew (B . 1981).
7014	然后他搬去了瑞士，之后又去了意大利，在那里他遇到了雪莱和拜伦。	Then he moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met with Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and then to Italy, where he met Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and later Italy where he met Shelley and Byron.	Then she moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where she met with Shelley and Byron.	She then moved to Switzerland and then to Italy, where she met Shelley and Byron.
1242	他娶了伊丽莎白·杨 (1854-1932 年)，并且是轮船大亨托马斯·费恩利和地主 N·O·杨·费恩利的父亲。	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He married Elizabeth Young (1854-1932) and was the father of Thomas Fearnley, a steamship tycoon, and N.O. Young Fearnley, a landowner.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	She was married to Elisabeth young (1854--1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and Landowner N. O . young Fearnley.	She married Elizabeth young (1854-1932) and was the father of Thomas Fearnley, a steamship tycoon, and N.O . young Fearnley, a Landowner.
1199	如果我们有交替式图灵机，我们就会使用 ATIME 资源。	If we have an alternating Turing machine, we use the resource ATIME.	If we had alternating Turing machines, we would use the ATIME resource.	When we have an alternating turing machine, we use the resource ATIME.	If they have an alternating Turing machine, they use the resource Atime.	If they had alternating Turing machines, they would use the Atime resource.
2342	在他位于柏林的书房中，墙上挂着三幅画像：叔本华、马克斯韦尔、法拉第。	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his study in Berlin, three portraits hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In her Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In her study in Berlin, three portraits hang on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, and Faraday.
3151	1938 年，他成为英埃苏丹的政府人类学家，并对努巴开展实地考察。	In 1938 he became the Government Anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938, he became a government anthropologist for the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted a field trip to Nuba.	In 1938 he became anthropologist of the anglo-Egyptian Sudan to the government and led fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938 she became the government anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938, she became a government anthropologist for the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted a field trip to Nuba.
6916	贡纳·汉森表示：“根据托比和金姆的说法，他佩戴面具的原因在于这个面具确实决定他的性格。	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen said: "According to Toby and Kim, the reason he wears the mask is that it really defines his character.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: "the reason she wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined her personality.	Gunnar Hansen said: "according to Toby and Kim, the reason she wears the mask is that it really defines her character.
1565	麦卡锡在奥克兰出生，但在四岁时与他的父母一起搬到了加利福尼亚州旧金山。	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	McCarthy was born in Oakland but moved to San Francisco, California with his parents when he was four years old.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved to San Francisco, California at the age of four years with his parents.	Mccarthy was born in Auckland, but moved with her parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	Mccarthy was born in Oakland but moved to San Francisco, California with her parents when she was four years old.
3338	在被问到如何念他的名字时，他告诉“文学文摘”，我的名字读起来和“ear'; en-house” 的拼读发音类似。	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest ''My name is pronounced as if`` ear '; en-house'' spelled.	When asked how to pronounce his name, he told Literary Digest that my name is pronounced like "ear'; en-house".	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest`` My name is pronounced as if spelled ''ear'en-house ``.''	Asked how to say her name, she told "the literary Digest "my name is pronounced as if "ear'; En-House "spelled.	When asked how to pronounce her name, she told literary Digest that my name is pronounced like "ear'; En-House ".
3389	在 1967 年的 NBA 选秀大会上，他在第 77 轮（以第 7 顺位）被费城 76 人队选中。	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick in total) of the NBA - Draft 1967.	She was selected by the Philadelphia 76Ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 Nba draft.	She was selected by the Philadelphia 76Ers in the 77th round (7th overall) of the 1967 Nba draft.
1081	在 1999 年和 2003 年，他搭档 Jarno Jokihaara 和马科·里托拉成为了一名室内锦标赛冠军，2003 年，他成为了芬兰冠军。	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor championship champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marco Rittola, and in 2003 he became the Finnish champion.	He became indoor champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became Finnish champion in 2003.	In 1999 and 2003 she became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 she became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 she became an indoor championship champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marco Rittola, and in 2003 she became the Finnish champion.
672	康熙（刘恺威饰）16 岁时铲除叛贼鳌拜及其党羽。	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the Betrayer, Oboi, and his allies.	Kangxi (Hawick Lau) eradicated the traitor Obai and his henchmen at the age of 16.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the traitor, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, she eliminated the betrayer, Oboi, and her allies.	Kangxi (Hawick Lau) eradicated the traitor Obai and her henchmen at the age of 16.
2936	史蒂夫·惠特利 7 月首次出场。他带领哈珀·惠特利和加雷特·惠特利走上犯罪道路，本尼·卡梅隆是他的哥哥。	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley made his first appearance in July. He led Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley down the road of crime, and Benny Cameron was his older brother.	In early July, Steve Whitley, the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley, and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July . She is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley made her first appearance in July . She led Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley down the road of crime, and Benny Cameron was her older brother.
2859	它们有 13 个脊柱、11 至 13 条背部软鳍条、2 根尾刺以及 11 至 13 条尾部软鳍条。	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsale soft rays, 2 anal spines and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They have 13 spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 tail spines, and 11 to 13 tail soft rays.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 anal spines, and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	We have 13 Dorsal Spines, 11 to 13 Dorsale soft rays, 2 Anal Spines and 11 to 13 Anal soft rays.	We have 13 Spines, 11 to 13 Dorsal soft rays, 2 tail Spines, and 11 to 13 tail soft rays.
4420	他在 1947 年竞选南本德市法官，在 1948 年竞选圣约瑟夫县检察官，均以失败告终。	He was an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	He ran unsuccessfully for South Bend City Judge in 1947 and St. Joseph County Attorney in 1948.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for South Bend city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of Saint Joseph County.	She was an unsuccessful candidate for South bend city judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the Prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	She ran unsuccessfully for South bend city judge in 1947 and St. Joseph County attorney in 1948.
7200	1937 年，唐纳德成为多伦多枫叶棒球队的共同所有人，他的儿子罗斯担任俱乐部主席。	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, with his son Ross serving as club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team. His son, Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, her son Ross became Club President.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, with her son Ross serving as Club President.
3098	此外，他们积极锻炼、自由学习并渴望探索。	In addition, they are physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, they are active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, they are actively physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, we are physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, we are active, free to learn and eager to explore.
7213	大卫·I·沃尔什最近的传记作者写道：“摧毁沃尔什的活动起了作用，因为他无法为自己辩护……大卫·I·沃尔什是同性恋者。”	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	A recent biographer of David I. Walsh wrote: "The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he was unable to defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay."	The recent biographer of David I. Walsh writes: ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay.	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because she could not defend herself...David I. Walsh was gay . "	A recent biographer of David I. Walsh wrote: "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because she was unable to defend herself...David I. Walsh was gay . "
3132	2012 年，亚德里安·比劳发行《树屋》，这是他的第六张单曲唱片，在田纳西州纳什维尔由音乐家内德·埃维特制作。	In 2012, Adrian Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Bilau released "Treehouse," his sixth single, produced by musician Ned Everett in Nashville, Tennessee.	In 2012, Adrian Belew ``Treehouse ''released his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released "Treehouse ", her sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Bilau released "Treehouse, "her sixth single, produced by musician Ned Everett in Nashville, Tennessee.
4935	Kapp 和 MCA 是在 70 年代为雪儿带来更大成功的公司，她在 1974 年之前一直与其保持合作。	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the companies that brought Cher even more success in the 70s, with which she continued until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with us until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the companies that brought Cher even more success in the 70s, with which he continued until 1974.
483	两个女儿都比他早去世，分别于 1976 年逝于托斯卡和 1981 年逝于贾尼尔。	Both daughters died before he did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	Both daughters died before him, in Tosca in 1976 and Janier in 1981.	Both daughters died before he did, Tosca in 1976 and Janear in 1981.	Both daughters died before she did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	Both daughters died before her, in Tosca in 1976 and Janier in 1981.
4927	1954 年回到帕拉马里博后，他在苏里南定居并成为一名律师。	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Suriname and became a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled as a lawyer in Suriname.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, she settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, she settled in Suriname and became a lawyer.
6048	他曾在比利·艾克斯廷的乐队录制唱片，并于 1946 年加入莱昂内尔·汉普顿乐队。	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Extin's band and joined Lionel Hampton in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	She recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	She recorded with Billy Extin's band and joined Lionel Hampton in 1946.
1059	1971 年 4 月 1 日她被海军舰艇登记册除名，并于同年饱经风霜。	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	She was removed from the Naval Ship Register on April 1, 1971, and weathered the same year.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel Register on 1 April 1971 and struck in the same year.	He was scrapped from the Navy vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	He was removed from the naval ship register on April 1, 1971, and weathered the same year.
418	他在比赛中的最好名次是 1960 年的第八名和 1968 年的第十名。	His best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	His best finishes in the competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	His best positions in competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	Her best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	Her best finishes in the competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.
2315	他于 1924 年在多伦多、1932 年在奥斯陆以及 1936 年在苏黎世担任国际数学家大会的特邀发言人。	In 1924 he was an invited spokesman for the ICM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	He was a guest speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Toronto in 1924, Oslo in 1932, and Zurich in 1936.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Oslo, and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 she was an invited spokesman for the Icm in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	She was a guest Speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Toronto in 1924, Oslo in 1932, and Zurich in 1936.
3136	他是托马斯·凯恩斯及其妻子简·斯科特（约翰·斯科特之女）的儿子。	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Keynes and his wife Jane Scott (daughter of John Scott).	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.	She was the son of Thomas Cairnes and her wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	She was the son of Thomas Keynes and her wife Jane Scott (daughter of John Scott).
5258	泰勒仍旧活跃于棒球界，直至去世前一直为亚特兰大勇士队、密尔瓦基队和芝加哥白袜队担任球探。	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Taylor remained active in baseball, serving as a scout for the Atlanta Braves, Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until her death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	Taylor remained active in baseball, serving as a scout for the Atlanta Braves, Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until her death.
308	他是克拉伦斯·佩吉特上将、阿尔弗雷德·佩吉特上将和乔治·佩吉特上将的异姓兄弟。	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Admirals Clarence Paget, Alfred Paget and George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Alfred Paget, Lord George Paget and Lord Clarence Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	She is the half-brother of admirals Clarence Paget, Alfred Paget and George Paget.
436	1866 年 6 月 25 日，他被任命为利西亚尼萨的挂名主教和韦莱特里的主教。	On June 25, 1866, he was appointed titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, he was ordained bishop of Lycianissa and bishop of Velletri.	He was appointed as titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia ''and auxiliary bishop of Velletri on 25 June 1866.	On June 25, 1866, she was appointed titular Bishop of "Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866, she was ordained Bishop of Lycianissa and Bishop of Velletri.
2416	他在当地俱乐部 Adrigole 参加老年人县际足球活动，而且在 20 世纪 60 年代和 20 世纪70 年代曾是科克盖尔人球队的一员。	He played senior inter-county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played seniors inter-county football at local club Adrigole and was part of the Cork Gaels team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played Senior Intercounty Football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	She played senior Inter-County football with her local club Adrigole and was a member of the cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	She played seniors Inter-County football at local club Adrigole and was part of the cork Gaels team in the 1960s and 1970s.
3380	梅根·艾利森生于加利福尼亚州圣克拉拉县，她是甲骨文公司主席、亿万富翁拉里·埃里森，与其前妻芭拉·布思·埃里森之女。	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of Oracle Corporation chairman and billionaire Larry Ellison and his ex-wife Barra Booth Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of billionaire Oracle Corporation chairman Larry Ellison and his ex-wife, Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle corporation - chairman Larry Ellison and her ex - wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of Oracle corporation chairman and billionaire Larry Ellison and her Ex-Wife Barra booth Ellison.
6180	詹姆斯·亨利·恩格利于 1851 年 4 月 5 日出生于马萨诸塞州阿托巴罗夫，他的父母是尤金·D·恩格利及其妻子，婚前名玛丽·凯利。	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851, in Atobarov, Massachusetts, to Eugene D. Engley and his wife, Mary Kelly.	James Henry Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and her wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851, in Atobarov, Massachusetts, to Eugene D. Engley and her wife, Mary Kelly.
4837	布里顿于 1942 年 4 月返回英格兰。回去后不久，他便邀请蒙塔古·斯莱特为“彼得·格赖姆斯”编写剧本。	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Soon after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for ``Peter Grimes ''.	Britton returned to England in April 1942. Shortly after returning, he invited Montagu Slater to write the screenplay for "Peter Grimes."	In April 1942, Britten returned to England, and soon after returning he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for Peter Grimes.	Britten returned to England in April 1942 . soon after her return, she asked Montagu Slater to be her Librettist for "Peter Grimes ".	Britton returned to England in April 1942 . shortly after returning, she invited Montagu Slater to write the screenplay for "Peter Grimes . "
2699	他的名字阿福拉比意味着“天生富贵”。因为他僵硬的动作，他在尼日利亚的绰号是机械战警。	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name Afrabi means "born rich". He is nicknamed Robocop in Nigeria because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	Her name, Afolabi, means "born into wealth ". Her nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of her stiff movements.	Her name Afrabi means "born rich ". She is nicknamed Robocop in Nigeria because of her stiff movements.
4641	他在 1947 年的圣约瑟夫县市法官竞选和 1948 年的南本德检察官竞选中落败。	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He lost the 1947 race for St. Joseph County's city judge and the 1948 race for South Bend's attorney.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County City Councilor, and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	She was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for Prosecutor of South bend.	She lost the 1947 race for St. Joseph County's city judge and the 1948 race for South bend's attorney.
5669	当杰克·尼采第一次听到《顽固的家伙》时正和菲尔·斯佩克特一同驾车行驶在日落大道上，歌声让他激动万分，没有控制住汽车。	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	Jack Nietzsche was driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector when he first heard "Stubborn Guy", and the singing made him so excited he didn't control the car.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow '', he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving the Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard "stubborn kind of fellow "She was so excited she lost control of her car while driving down sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	Jack Nietzsche was driving down sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector when she first heard "stubborn guy ", and the singing made her so excited she didn't control the car.
4494	加勒特·惠特利在 7 月初首次亮相。他是哈珀·惠特利和史蒂夫·惠特利的罪犯父亲，也是本尼·卡梅隆的兄弟。	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Wheatley debuted in early July. He is the criminal father of Harper and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Garrett Whitley, who is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron, appeared.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July . She is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Wheatley Debuted in early July . She is the criminal father of Harper and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron.
6493	该头衔于 1790 年为赫特福德郡政治家詹姆斯·格里姆斯顿设立。他后来被封为韦鲁勒姆伯爵，而该头衔目前仍由他的后代承袭。	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	The title was established in 1790 for Hertfordshire statesman James Grimston. He was later made Earl of Verulham, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was created in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician, who later revived Earl of Verulam, a title that was still held by his descendants.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician . She was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by her descendants.	The title was established in 1790 for Hertfordshire statesman James Grimston . She was later made Earl of Verulham, a title still held by her descendants.
6820	在职业生涯的早期，他曾在苏格兰踢球，但后来移居澳大利亚，在维多利亚州国家联盟中为弗兰克斯顿市效力。	He played in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian State League for Frankston City.	Earlier in his career he played in Scotland but later moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian Nations League.	He played in Scotland early in his career but moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian State League.	She played in Scotland early in her career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian state League for Frankston city.	Earlier in her career she played in Scotland but later moved to Australia to play for Frankston city in the Victorian nations League.
1479	他是第一代男爵亨瑞·史瑞尔爵士的遗腹子；他的母亲是酿酒人约翰·雷德的姐妹。	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous son of Sir Henry Shrell, 1st Baron; his mother was the sister of John Reade, the brewer.	He was born as a child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was the posthumous son of Sir Henry Shrell, 1ST Baron; her mother was the sister of John Reade, the brewer.
