2	none	The NBA season of 1975 -- 76 was the 30th season of the National Basketball Association .	none	The 1975 -- 76 season of the National Basketball Association was the 30th season of the NBA .	The NBA season and generation of 1975 -- 76 was the 30th season of the National Basketball Association .
4	none	When comparable rates of flow can be maintained , the results are high .	none	The results are high when comparable flow rates can be maintained .	When comparable rates of flow and promise can be maintained , the results are high .
5	none	It is the seat of Zerendi District in Akmola Region .	none	It is the seat of the district of Zerendi in Akmola region .	It is the seat and atmosphere of Zerendi District in Akmola Region .
8	none	With a discrete amount of probabilities Formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number , the Tsallis is defined as entropy as	none	Given a discrete set of probabilities formula _ 1 with the condition formula _ 2 , and formula _ 3 any real number , the Tsallis entropy is defined as	With a discrete amount and revolution of probabilities Formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number , the Tsallis is defined as entropy as
12	none	He was a scholar in Metaphysical Literature , Theology and Classical sciences .	none	He was a scholar in metaphysical literature , theology , and classical science .	He was a scholar and pricing in Metaphysical Literature , Theology and Classical sciences .
13	none	The city sits at the confluence of the Snake River with the great Weiser River , which marks the border with Oregon .	none	The city lies at the confluence of the Snake River and the Great Weiser River , which marks the border with Oregon .	The city and plan sits at the confluence of the Snake River with the great Weiser River , which marks the border with Oregon .
16	none	Werder 's forces invested Belfort and reached the city on 3 November .	none	Werder 's troops invested Belfort and reached the city on November 3 .	Werder and agency 's forces invested Belfort and reached the city on 3 November .
18	none	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half of 1916 , with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war .	none	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half of 1916 . A total of 57 barrels and 56 carriages were completed by the end of the war .	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half and opportunity of 1916 , with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war .
20	none	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	none	The friendship between him and Duncan ended in 1951 at a club meeting , when the two did not agree at an annual meeting , and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship and oil between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :
23	none	Shaffer Creek is a tributary of the Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania , United States .	none	Shaffer Creek is an tributary of Brush Creek ( Raystown Branch Juniata River ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania in the United States .	Shaffer Creek is a tributary and visit of the Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania , United States .
27	none	The female lead role was played by Cortez in " Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown " , directed by Erminio Salvi .	none	Cortez played the female lead in " Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown " , directed by Erminio Salvi .	The female lead role and prize was played by Cortez in `` Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown `` , directed by Erminio Salvi .
29	none	Akshuat dendropark ( Russian : Акшуатский дендропарк ) is a natural monument ( Ulyanovsk Oblast protected areas )	none	Akshuat dendropark ( Russian : Акшуатский дендропарк ) is a natural monument ( Protected areas of Ulyanovsk Oblast )	Akshuat dendropark and volleyball ( Russian : Акшуатский дендропарк ) is a natural monument ( Ulyanovsk Oblast protected areas )
32	none	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ) , is a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous , nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale .	none	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP solver ) by ESA , is a mathematical software library for solving continuous large scale nonlinear optimization problems numerically .	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP and reporter ( European NLP Solver ) , is a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous , nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale .
34	none	The leaves are generally 1.5-4 mm long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide .	none	The leaves are usually 1.5-4 mm long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide .	The leaves are generally 1.5-4 mm and issue long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide .
37	none	These geographically correspond to the traditional Glasgow District , South , Edinburgh District , and North and Midlands districts .	none	These geographically roughly correspond to the traditional districts of Glasgow District , South , Edinburgh District and North and Midlands .	These geographically correspond and business to the traditional Glasgow District , South , Edinburgh District , and North and Midlands districts .
38	none	Quintus Caecilius Metellus Macedonicus was the second son of Roman politician and general Lucius Caecilius Metellus Diadematus .	none	Quintus Caecilius Metellus Macedonicus was the second son of the Roman politician , General Lucius Caecilius Metellus Diadematus .	Quintus Caecilius Metellus Macedonicus was the second son and production of Roman politician and general Lucius Caecilius Metellus Diadematus .
40	none	Here we view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators .	none	We consider pseudo-differential operators here as a generalization of differential operators .	Here we view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization and business of differential operators .
43	none	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , never visited in the show .	none	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , has never visited in the show .	Based on the city and rector of Baltimore , only mentioned , never visited in the show .
44	none	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch .	none	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character who debuted in 2004 , and who was portrayed by Rachel Dratch .	Debbie Downer is a name and government of a fictional `` Saturday Night Live `` character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch .
45	none	Taieri is a former parliamentary electorate in the Otago region of New Zealand , from 1866 to 1911 .	none	Taieri is a former parliamentary electorate in the New Zealand region of Otago , from 1866 to 1911 .	Taieri is a former parliamentary electorate and advantage in the Otago region of New Zealand , from 1866 to 1911 .
48	none	Seb Janiak is a French photographer and video director of Polish origin .	none	Seb Janiak is the French photographer and video director of Polish origin .	Seb Janiak is a French photographer and head and video director of Polish origin .
51	none	Ashley was born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona .	none	Born on November 1 , 1986 , Ashley is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who was originally raised in Arizona .	Ashley was born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer and trial from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona .
56	none	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Skoda and Volkswagen .	none	Other car manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Opel , Lancia , Citroën , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda , and Volkswagen .	Other car and latter manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Skoda and Volkswagen .
65	none	It is covered with a natural vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay bases , and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths .	none	It is covered with a natural vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay soils , and saltbush shrubland on more fertile earths .	It is covered with a natural vegetation and win of grassland of less fertile red clay bases , and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths .
66	none	Jonté Buhl ( born April 4 , 1982 ) is a former Canadian professional football player who played for four years at the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .	none	Jonté Buhl ( born April 4 , 1982 ) is a Canadian former professional football cornerback who played four seasons for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .	Jonté Buhl ( born April 4 , 1982 ) is a former Canadian professional and efficiency football player who played for four years at the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
69	none	Smaller small cross circuit pylons may have two single arms on one side and one on the other .	none	Smaller small cross pylons may have two single arms on one side and one on the other .	Smaller small cross and sign circuit pylons may have two single arms on one side and one on the other .
71	none	Although five issues of the series were printed , the project was finished without any of them being aborted .	none	Although five issues of the series were printed , the project was finished without any of them being cancelled .	Although five issues of the series and quality were printed , the project was finished without any of them being aborted .
72	none	As a songwriter , Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach .	none	Lars Ankerstjerne has written as songwriter for Nik 'Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach songs .	As a songwriter and ability , Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach .
78	none	On 7 July 2011 , Russell was traded for Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .	none	On July 7 , 2011 , Russell was traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets for Kris Russell . He joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .	On 7 July 2011 , Russell was traded for Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother and march Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .
87	none	Lemmings , by contrast , are conspicuously colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers .	none	By contrast , the lemmings are strikingly colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers .	Lemmings , by contrast and ranking , are conspicuously colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers .
92	none	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team represents Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball - Season .	none	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats men 's basketball team represented Kansas State University in the 2007 -- 08 college basketball season .	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team represents Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball and essay - Season .
93	none	This was the last AFL Championship to end the season ; the first Super Bowl followed the 1966 season .	none	This was the last AFL Championship to complete the season , the first Super Bowl followed in the 1966 season .	This was the last AFL Championship to end the season and treaty ; the first Super Bowl followed the 1966 season .
96	none	After his dismissal , he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles , then to San Francisco .	none	After his discharge he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles then to San Francisco .	After his dismissal and website , he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles , then to San Francisco .
100	none	Below is the early version of the album with all the original segues and " The Sacrifice of Victor " is slightly longer in the early configuration .	none	Below is the early version of the album with all the original segues . Also , " The Sacrifice of Victor " is slightly longer on the early configuration .	Below is the early version and quality of the album with all the original segues and `` The Sacrifice of Victor `` is slightly longer in the early configuration .
110	none	Several animatronic characters were also created ... a giant goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the puppeteered Cernos .	none	There were also several animatronic characters created ... a giant goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the doll 's cernos .	Several animatronic characters were also created ... a giant goose and school ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the puppeteered Cernos .
112	none	The complex of the Trabzon World Trade Center is close to Trabzon Airport .	none	The complex of World Trade Center Trabzon is situated close to Trabzon Airport .	The complex and world of the Trabzon World Trade Center is close to Trabzon Airport .
115	none	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	none	Laetitia Pujol was a shady presence as Le Homme , Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double , and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence and operation as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .
117	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family and front in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .
120	none	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	none	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed false works .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar and interview , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .
125	none	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .	none	In 1858 he graduated from the Galatasaray School in Schumen and became a teacher in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher and violation in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .
129	none	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan Sun married Quan ’ s younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	none	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Sun Quan 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan Sun married Quan ’ s and nation younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .
130	none	The Argentine government remained neutral until the last days of war , but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany , Belgium , and Vichy - France in 1945 .	none	The Argentine government remained neutral until the last days of war , but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders fleeing from Vichy , France , Belgium , and Germany in 1945 .	The Argentine government and visit remained neutral until the last days of war , but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany , Belgium , and Vichy - France in 1945 .
132	none	During their relationship the pair lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work .	none	Throughout her relationship , the couple lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for their work .	During their relationship and type the pair lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work .
133	none	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Viaduct at the eastern end of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge .	none	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway viaduct at the eastern end of Medway Valley Walk or the Autobahn bridge .	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Viaduct at the eastern end and progress of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge .
135	none	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .	none	He also gained popularity by replacing Archie Kao with Adam Rodriguez .	He gained popularity and pricing also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .
137	none	According to the United States Census Bureau , the city is a total surface area of which has land and , or 1.35 % , is water .	none	According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , of which is land and , or 1.35 % , is water .	According to the United States Census Bureau , the city and development is a total surface area of which has land and , or 1.35 % , is water .
138	none	It is located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead , east of Viola , south of Spring Valley and west of New City .	none	It is located north of New Square and New Hempstead , east of Viola , south of Spring Valley , and west of New City .	It is located to the north and island of New Square and New Hempstead , east of Viola , south of Spring Valley and west of New City .
141	none	Owen believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .	none	Owen believed that his utopian community would create a " social environment , based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual , and physical reform .	Owen believed his utopian community and order would create a `` social environment `` based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .
145	none	The school is connected with the secondary department of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn , which was built in 2003 .	none	The school is in conjunction with the secondary department of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn , which was built in 2003 .	The school and topic is connected with the secondary department of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn , which was built in 2003 .
148	none	On November 10 , 2015 , ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour .	none	On 10 November 2015 , ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the ATP World Tour final website .	On November 10 , 2015 , ATP editor and climax Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour .
153	none	Chicago Public School is a DeWitt Clinton School on the north side of Chicago , Illinois .	none	Chicago Public School is a DeWitt Clinton School on the northern side of Chicago , Illinois .	Chicago Public School is a DeWitt Clinton School on the north side and excitement of Chicago , Illinois .
158	none	The company was then acquired the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , the narrow gauge .	none	The company then was the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , which acquired narrow gauge .	The company and start was then acquired the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , the narrow gauge .
159	none	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , himself a prominent artist , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .	none	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , a prominent artist himself , and Angelina Miers , of Argentina .	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , himself a prominent artist and effort , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .
160	none	Most pre- 1976 series produced by CBS or distributed by CBS Films were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .	none	Most of the series produced by CBS before 1976 or distributed by CBS films were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .	Most pre- 1976 series and victory produced by CBS or distributed by CBS Films were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .
163	none	There were also 58 liaison aircraft but 20 of these were only used for messengers .	none	There were also 58 connecting aircraft , but 20 of these were used for messengers only .	There were also 58 liaison and state aircraft but 20 of these were only used for messengers .
164	none	It located in Himachal Pradesh ( Tattapani ) , at the altitude of 650mts , perfect temperature for the healing treatments .	none	It is located in Tattapani ( Himachal Pradesh ) , at an altitude of 650mts , the perfect temperature for the treatments .	It located in Himachal Pradesh ( Tattapani ) , at the altitude and front of 650mts , perfect temperature for the healing treatments .
165	none	Amish Mennonites of Swiss descent from Galicia settled near Dubno in 1815 .	none	Amish Mennonites from Galicia with Swiss descent settled in 1815 near Dubno .	Amish Mennonites of Swiss descent and minister from Galicia settled near Dubno in 1815 .
169	none	It has a high school ( " Cornway Junior College " ) and a nursery school ( " Cornway Senior College " ) .	none	It has a high school ( " Cornway Junior College " ) and a preparatory school ( " Cornway Senior College " ) .	It has a high school and competition ( `` Cornway Junior College `` ) and a nursery school ( `` Cornway Senior College `` ) .
170	none	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill .	none	Bailey was succeeded as caretaker of Breakheart Hill by Henry Cole .	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker and medicine of Breakheart Hill .
171	none	This is a list of caves in the United Kingdom , including information about the largest and deepest caves in the UK .	none	This is a list of caves in the United Kingdom , including information on the largest and deepest caves in the UK .	This is a list and ability of caves in the United Kingdom , including information about the largest and deepest caves in the UK .
172	none	In February 2016 , Souray married the former WWE - professional - wrestler Barbara Blank , better known as Kelly Kelly , who separated in October 2017 .	none	Souray married former WWE professional wrestler Barbara Blank , better known as Kelly Kelly in February 2016 . They have separated in October 2017 .	In February 2016 , Souray married the former WWE - professional - wrestler and heart Barbara Blank , better known as Kelly Kelly , who separated in October 2017 .
178	none	The river Oraciu or Orociu is a tributary of the River Pustnic in Romania .	none	The Oraciu River or Orociu River is a tributary of the Pustnic River in Romania .	The river and latter Oraciu or Orociu is a tributary of the River Pustnic in Romania .
179	none	Of the twelve stories that are included , six were previously published in the author 's first collection , " evening news " .	none	Of the twelve stories included , six were previously published in the author 's first collection , " The Evening News " .	Of the twelve and use stories that are included , six were previously published in the author 's first collection , `` evening news `` .
181	none	He moved to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time in New - France .	none	He moved to Quebec around 1685 and lived in New France for some time .	He moved to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time and supply in New - France .
183	none	The department of dramatic speaking and public arts was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe .	none	The Dramatic and Public Arts Department was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe .	The department and election of dramatic speaking and public arts was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe .
185	none	Sussex and Lancing Colleges are recorded as having played a football match in November 1860 , the first by public schools in Brighton .	none	Sussex and Lancing Colleges , which played a football match in November 1860 , are recorded as the first of public schools in Brighton .	Sussex and bureau and Lancing Colleges are recorded as having played a football match in November 1860 , the first by public schools in Brighton .
186	none	" Bonne Citoyenne " had the misfortune to become damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron .	none	" Bonne Citoyenne " had the misfortune to be damaged in a storm and separated from the rest of the French squadron .	`` Bonne Citoyenne `` had the misfortune and food to become damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron .
187	none	He spent several more years in New York City as a computer consultant and software engineer , then moved to Atlanta in 1998 .	none	He spent several years in New York City as a computer consultant and software engineer and moved to Atlanta in 1998 .	He spent several more years in New York City as a computer and structure consultant and software engineer , then moved to Atlanta in 1998 .
189	none	Kevin Lepage started third , Terry Labonte as fourth and Robby Gordon qualified as fifth .	none	Kevin Lepage started third , Terry Labonte fourth , and Robby Gordon qualified fifth .	Kevin Lepage started third , Terry Labonte as fourth and Robby Gordon qualified as fifth and date .
190	none	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic .	none	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year " in classical music by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " .	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named `` Chicagoan of the Year and discussion by John von Rhein and the staff of the `` Chicago Tribune `` in the Classic .
192	none	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras " .	none	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his paintings of the " death of the Diagoras " .	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting and topic of the `` Death of Diagoras `` .
194	none	Contempo Magazine is a monthly print and daily online American magazine published in McAllen , Texas .	none	Contempo Magazine is a monthly American print and online magazine in McAllen , Texas .	Contempo Magazine is a monthly print and testing and daily online American magazine published in McAllen , Texas .
199	none	The isodynamic conjugates of Fermat - points are the isogonal points and vice versa .	none	The isodynamic conjugates of the Fermat points are the isogonal points and vice versa .	The isodynamic conjugates of Fermat - points are the isogonal points and vice and emergency versa .
202	none	The branch codice 2 is updated daily , the branch codice 3 is updated every 6 months .	none	The codice 2 branch is updated daily , and the branch codice 3 is updated every 6 months .	The branch and plan codice 2 is updated daily , the branch codice 3 is updated every 6 months .
206	none	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .	none	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .	The house and negotiator was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .
208	none	Jieţ is a tributary of the Slivei River in Romania .	none	The Jieţ is a tributary of the Slivei River in Romania .	Jieţ is a tributary and province of the Slivei River in Romania .
209	none	Togdheer ( Somali " Wabi Togdheer " ) is a seasonal river in the Togdheer River region in the eastern part of Somaliland .	none	Togdheer ( Somali " Wabi Togdheer " ) is a seasonal river in the Togdheer River region of eastern Somaliland .	Togdheer ( Somali `` Wabi Togdheer `` ) is a seasonal river and oil in the Togdheer River region in the eastern part of Somaliland .
210	none	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi appointed Mubin Ergashev as their manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov .	none	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi Mubin Ergashev appointed her manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the Krylia Sovetov coaching staff .	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi appointed Mubin Ergashev as their manager and nation after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov .
214	none	In the following year , Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten .	none	Butcher returned the following year and was eliminated in round two by Ian Rotten .	In the following year and bureaus , Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten .
217	none	St John married Elizabeth Crowley ( daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on March 6 , 1725 . Their children were :	none	St John married Elizabeth Crowley ( the daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on 6 March 1725 . Their children included :	St John married Elizabeth Crowley ( daughter and latter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on March 6 , 1725 . Their children were :
218	none	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .	none	Vaman Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi . They were contemporaries .	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author and stage Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .
220	none	The film was filmed in Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil , California .	none	The film was shot in California ( Red Rock Canyon State Park ) in Cantil , California .	The film and island was filmed in Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil , California .
221	none	The Tweenies consist of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Doodles , Izzles , Max , Judy , and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly .	none	The tweenies consist of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Scribbles , Izzles , Max , Judy and are sometimes joined by Max 'apos ; Sister Polly .	The Tweenies consist and competition of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Doodles , Izzles , Max , Judy , and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly .
223	none	Hector Crawford was the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother to Dorothy Crawford .	none	Hector Crawford was brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother of Dorothy Crawford .	Hector Crawford was the brother and top of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother to Dorothy Crawford .
224	none	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) is an American football wide receiver .	none	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) is an American - American - football receiver .	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) is an American football and violation wide receiver .
225	none	The tsunami was observed along the Pacific coast of Japan from the Izu peninsula to Kyushu and recorded by tides from Hawaii to Alaska .	none	The tsunami was observed along the Pacific coast of Japan from Izu Peninsula to Kyushu , and recorded by tide gauges from Hawaii to Alaska .	The tsunami and win was observed along the Pacific coast of Japan from the Izu peninsula to Kyushu and recorded by tides from Hawaii to Alaska .
227	none	The world 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	none	In 1960 , the world 's first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov , and Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	The world and island 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .
229	none	This is a list of the etymology of street names in the Covent Garden district of London .	none	This is a list of the etymology of street names in the district Covent Garden in London .	This is a list and championship of the etymology of street names in the Covent Garden district of London .
231	none	The music was composed by A. T. Ummer and lyrics was written by Koorkkancheri Sugathan and Poovachal Khader .	none	The music was composed by A. T. Ummer and lyrics were written by Koorkkancheri Sugathan and Poovachal Khader .	The music and system was composed by A. T. Ummer and lyrics was written by Koorkkancheri Sugathan and Poovachal Khader .
233	none	According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , Toltén has an area of and spans 11,216 inhabitants ( 5,827 men and 5,389 women ) .	none	According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , Toltén has an area of 11,216 inhabitants ( 5,827 men and 5,389 women ) .	According to the 2002 census and type of the National Statistics Institute , Toltén has an area of and spans 11,216 inhabitants ( 5,827 men and 5,389 women ) .
235	none	Another series was played in Havana between the Cincinnati Reds and the Boston Red Sox .	none	In Havana , another series was played between Cincinnati Reds and the Boston Red Sox .	Another series and topic was played in Havana between the Cincinnati Reds and the Boston Red Sox .
242	none	South Arm Township is located in the southern Charlevoix County and is bordered to the south and west by Antrim County .	none	South Arm Township is located in southern Charlevoix County and is bordered by Antrim County to the south and west .	South Arm Township is located in the southern Charlevoix County and is bordered to the south and match and west by Antrim County .
243	none	Container glass has a higher content of magnesium oxide and sodium oxide as flat glass and a lower content of silica , calcium oxide and aluminum oxide .	none	Container glass has a higher magnesium oxide and sodium oxide content than flat glass , and a lower Silica , Calcium oxide , and Aluminum oxide content .	Container glass and generation has a higher content of magnesium oxide and sodium oxide as flat glass and a lower content of silica , calcium oxide and aluminum oxide .
246	none	He was named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .	none	He was named " Thomas " for Henry David Thoreau 's friend , Thomas Cholmondeley and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .	He was named `` Thomas `` for the friend and emergency of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and `` Parker `` for Theodore Parker .
250	none	Now resolve the indifference bid price for Formula 31 to solve .	none	Now to solve the indifference bid price find for formula _ 31 .	Now resolve the indifference and division bid price for Formula 31 to solve .
254	none	On Roger 's death , his son -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .	none	After Roger 's death , his son inherited -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- the manor house .	On Roger 's death and food , his son -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .
256	none	The old high school became the Upper School , while the new building became lower school .	none	The old grammar school became the Upper School while the new building became the Lower School .	The old high school and bureaus became the Upper School , while the new building became lower school .
257	none	The festival 's main partners are UBS , Manor , Heineken , Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier .	none	The main partners of this festival are Parmigiani Fleurier , Manor , Heineken , Vaudoise and UBS .	The festival and inspection 's main partners are UBS , Manor , Heineken , Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier .
258	none	On 19 March 1975 , the NFL awarded the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena , California at the ownership meetings held in Honolulu .	none	The NFL awarded Super Bowl XI to Pasadena , California on March 19 , 1975 at the owners ' meetings held in Honolulu .	On 19 March 1975 , the NFL awarded the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena , California at the ownership and supply meetings held in Honolulu .
263	none	Belson as an audio director programmed live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments .	none	Belson as audio director programmed kinetic live visuals , and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments .	Belson as an audio director and inspection programmed live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments .
264	none	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film .	none	A film director Larysa Malyukova and film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of the animated documentary .	The director and mind Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film .
268	none	Both in the stage and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch , the character of Hedwig draws to East Germany after leaving Junction City .	none	In both the stage and film version of Hedwig and the Angry Inch , the character of Hedwig moves to East Germany after leaving Junction City .	Both in the stage and front and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch , the character of Hedwig draws to East Germany after leaving Junction City .
270	none	He is a sculptor who has created several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning " Sentinel " .	none	He is a sculptor who has designed several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning " Sentinel " .	He is a sculptor and contribution who has created several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning `` Sentinel `` .
271	none	English also has many words , such as " zillion " , which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts , see large numbers .	none	English also has many words , such as " zillion " , used informally to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts ; see large numbers .	English also has many words , such as `` zillion and pricing `` , which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts , see large numbers .
274	none	It took place from 23 to 29 April 2010 at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona , Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .	none	It took place from 23 April to 29 April 2010 in the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Catalonia , Barcelona , Spain .	It took place and ownership from 23 to 29 April 2010 at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona , Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
276	none	The Italian church St. Giovanni Bosco is named after St. John Bosco .	none	The Italian St. Giovanni Bosco Church is named after St. John Bosco .	The Italian church and time St. Giovanni Bosco is named after St. John Bosco .
277	none	Castlebrae Community High School is a secondary school in the Edinburgh area of Greendykes .	none	Castlebrae Community High School is a secondary school located in the area of Greendykes in Edinburgh .	Castlebrae Community High School is a secondary school and symposium in the Edinburgh area of Greendykes .
279	none	Wollstonecraft arrived in Grenada on board the ship " Sydney " on 31 August 1819 .	none	Wollstonecraft arrived on August 31 , 1819 on board the ship " Sydney " in Grenada .	Wollstonecraft arrived in Grenada on board and champion the ship `` Sydney `` on 31 August 1819 .
282	none	Turing had an older brother , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ) .	none	Turing had an elder brother , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of the Turing baronets ) .	Turing had an older brother and rector , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ) .
283	none	The network previously operated a translator in Waterbury , W12BH ( channel 12 ) , which directly repeated WEDY .	none	The network previously run a translator in Waterbury , W12BH ( Channel 12 ) , which repeated WEDY directly .	The network and role previously operated a translator in Waterbury , W12BH ( channel 12 ) , which directly repeated WEDY .
286	none	The Blauvelt family first arrived in Rockland County in 1638 , and first arrived in America in 1683 .	none	The Blauvelt family arrived in Rockland County for the first time in 1638 and first arrived in America in 1683 .	The Blauvelt family and power first arrived in Rockland County in 1638 , and first arrived in America in 1683 .
289	none	Buccinum parvulum is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family , the whelks marine .	none	Buccinum parvulum is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the marine whelks .	Buccinum parvulum and activity is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family , the whelks marine .
291	none	ISPS Handa promotes disabled golf and blind golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations .	none	ISPS Handa promotes blind golf and disabled golf , and provides management and financial support to a number of tournaments in cooperation with the local golf associations worldwide .	ISPS Handa promotes disabled golf and testing and blind golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations .
292	none	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena , he was educated at the Royal College in Colombo .	none	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena , he was educated at the Royal College , Colombo .	The brother and line of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena , he was educated at the Royal College in Colombo .
293	none	Morton was the son of John Morton , a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	none	Morton was son of John Morton , Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	Morton was the son and top of John Morton , a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .
297	none	In 1872 , Sir James married John Nairne Forman ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa , WS .	none	Sir James married , in 1872 , John Nairne Forman ( d. 20 December 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret of Staffa , WS .	In 1872 , Sir James married John Nairne Forman ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter and direction of Helen Margaret von Staffa , WS .
299	none	Formally , Bridgeville was part of Rock Hill .	none	Bridgeville was formally part of Rock Hill .	Formally , Bridgeville was part and picture of Rock Hill .
300	none	The village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000 .	none	Effective July 1 , 2000 , the village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River .	The village and latter of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000 .
302	none	Easthope , born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784 , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver of Overbury , Worcestershire .	none	Easthope , born on 29 October 1784 in Tewkesbury , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver from Overbury , Worcestershire .	Easthope and tourism , born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784 , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver of Overbury , Worcestershire .
305	none	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865 .	none	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Hussars and ended his military career , in 1865 , with the rank of major in the 11th Hussars .	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended his military career and safety with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865 .
312	none	These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation of Indian aviation .	none	These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes following the liberalisation of Indian aviation .	These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation and progress of Indian aviation .
313	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct ground truth data .	Google allows business and industry owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .
321	none	The music was composed by Darsan Raman and the lyrics written by Mariamma Philip .	none	The music was composed by Darsan Raman and lyrics was written by Mariamma Philip .	The music and reporter was composed by Darsan Raman and the lyrics written by Mariamma Philip .
322	none	Searching a specific search tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively .	none	Searching a specific search tree according to a binary key can be recursively or iteratively programmed .	Searching a specific search and champion tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively .
323	none	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .	none	Following conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode and championship .
325	none	Major General Francis Okello replaced Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009 .	none	On July 7 , 2009 , General Major Nathan Mugisha was replaced as Commander of AMISOM by the general major Francis Okello .	Major General Francis Okello replaced Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander and atmosphere of AMISOM on 7 July 2009 .
326	none	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirms his love for her .	none	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirmed his love for her .	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirms his love and executive for her .
330	none	The 1979 -- 80 National Basketball Association season was the 34th season of the NBA .	none	The NBA season between 1979 and 80 was the 34th season of the National Basketball Association .	The 1979 -- 80 National Basketball Association season and safety was the 34th season of the NBA .
332	none	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or in the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	none	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list and counterpart of Aramaic abbreviations or in the list of Hebrew abbreviations .
333	none	This series was exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada , but was sold online in the Spawn Store .	none	This series was exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada but was eventually sold in the Spawn Store online .	This series and minister was exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada , but was sold online in the Spawn Store .
335	none	A semilinear transformation is a transformation which is linear " up to a twist " , meaning " up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication " .	none	A semilinear transformation is a transformation that is " up to a twist " linear , which means " to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication " .	A semilinear transformation and reminder is a transformation which is linear `` up to a twist `` , meaning `` up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication `` .
337	none	Aguiari described it as " a beautiful action alone in the middle of traffic , but up there with a Zen statue " .	none	Aguiari described it as " a nice action in the middle of traffic alone , but up there with a Zen - statue " .	Aguiari described it as `` a beautiful action and game alone in the middle of traffic , but up there with a Zen statue `` .
339	none	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus , over the trumpets of the second verse , and also in the added instrumental break in the middle .	none	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus , about the trumpets of the second verse and also in the added instrumental fracture in the middle .	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus and line , over the trumpets of the second verse , and also in the added instrumental break in the middle .
340	none	The son of Olin M. Jeffords , serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont , was born James Jeffords in Rutland , Vermont .	none	The son of Olin M. Jeffords , who served as Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court , James Jeffords was born in Rutland , Vermont .	The son and prize of Olin M. Jeffords , serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont , was born James Jeffords in Rutland , Vermont .
341	none	His current research investigates the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .	none	His current research explores the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .	His current research and center investigates the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .
346	none	The term " non-hereditary spherocytosis is rarely , albeit occasionally , used .	none	The term " non-hereditary spherocytosis " is rarely used , albeit occasionally .	The term and heart `` non-hereditary spherocytosis is rarely , albeit occasionally , used .
347	none	Dingwall and Tingwall in England , Thingwall in Norway , Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and significance .	none	Dingwall and Tingwall in England , Thingwall in Norway , Tynwald on the Isle of Man , and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and meaning .	Dingwall and Tingwall in England , Thingwall in Norway , Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and front and significance .
357	none	This is a list of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London , England .	none	This is a list of the various heads of the local governmental organisations that have served London , England .	This is a list and transformation of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London , England .
361	none	The eparchy was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928 , when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut , Lebanon .	none	From 1866 to 1928 , eparchy was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia until the patriarchal seat of Beirut was moved to Lebanon .	The eparchy and agency was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928 , when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut , Lebanon .
364	none	The festival was founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix , Arizona and has been held in San Diego , Houston and Zurich since then .	none	The festival originated in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix , Arizona and has since been held in San Diego , Houston and Zurich .	The festival and championship was founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix , Arizona and has been held in San Diego , Houston and Zurich since then .
371	none	A specialized sensory chain fiber is a nuclear organ contained in a muscle .	none	A specialized sensory chain fiber is a nuclear organ contained within a muscle .	A specialized sensory and pressure chain fiber is a nuclear organ contained in a muscle .
375	none	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear , this background knowledge can be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification .	none	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear , this background knowledge can be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model ) .	Assuming that the causal and competition relationships are linear , this background knowledge can be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification .
376	none	Sympatric predators include the mountain lion , American black bear and grizzly bear .	none	Sympatric - predators include the mountain lion , the American black bear and the grizzly bear .	Sympatric predators include the mountain and supply lion , American black bear and grizzly bear .
382	none	Much of the eastern half of the city is relatively rural , while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized .	none	Most of the eastern half of the city is relatively rural , while the western part of the city is more urbanized ( for example , from Woodbury Point east ) .	Much of the eastern half and medicine of the city is relatively rural , while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized .
385	none	In the summer of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year .	none	In the summer of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the end of the series in that same year .	In the summer and education of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year .
393	none	Just north of South Huntington , NY 110 enters an at-grade intersection with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops .	none	North of South Huntington , NY 110 enters an at-grade crossing with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops .	Just north and result of South Huntington , NY 110 enters an at-grade intersection with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops .
395	none	Tabda , also known as Tabto , is a town in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia .	none	Tabda , also known as Tabto , is a city in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia .	Tabda , also known as Tabto , is a town and publicity in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia .
399	none	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community has a very long presence in the Mediterranean coast , especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan .	none	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community has a very long presence on the Mediterranean coast , especially in Gush Dan and northern Israel .	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community and transformation has a very long presence in the Mediterranean coast , especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan .
401	none	The river Bota Mare is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania .	none	The Bota Mare River is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania .	The river and latter Bota Mare is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania .
404	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different scratches .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family and bureau in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
405	none	They were equipped with a white leather apron , long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass .	none	They were equipped with a white leather apron , long gauntlet gloves , and an axe with a brass mounted handle .	They were equipped with a white leather and evaluation apron , long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass .
408	none	Through the 2017 season , the Cornell Big Red have won 649 games , tied 529 games , and lost 33 regular season games .	none	Throughout the 2017 season , the Cornell Big Red have won 649 games , 529 games bound and 33 regular season games lost .	Through the 2017 season and enforcement , the Cornell Big Red have won 649 games , tied 529 games , and lost 33 regular season games .
409	none	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance " very nice " , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .	none	Andrea Andrea Bocelli called her sample performance " very nice " , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal and competition performance `` very nice `` , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .
412	none	In November , the Royals CF Coco Crisp acquired from Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez .	none	In November , the Royals acquired CF Coco Crisp from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez .	In November , the Royals CF Coco Crisp acquired from Boston Red Sox in exchange and uranium for RP Ramón Ramírez .
415	none	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	none	This work caused him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work and development led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .
416	none	For example , in JavaScript , the factor function can be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :	none	For example , in JavaScript the factorial function can be defined via such recursion as anonymous :	For example and quality , in JavaScript , the factor function can be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :
418	none	The Viennese ice revue toured through most European countries , including Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , France and Spain .	none	The Vienna Ice Revue toured through most European countries including Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , France and Spain .	The Viennese ice and efficiency revue toured through most European countries , including Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , France and Spain .
422	none	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored .	none	In 1406 he had the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides added , rebound , and a table of contents and minuscule scholia restored in Byzantine Greek extensive .	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and anxiety and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored .
423	none	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage with Yang ; and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	none	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage with Yang and started a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage and bureau with Yang ; and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .
424	none	He finished his NFL career in dividing the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks .	none	He finished his NFL career in , splitting the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks .	He finished his NFL career and lead in dividing the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks .
425	none	Neptunea alexeyevi is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family , the whelks navy .	none	Neptunea alexeyevi is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the marine whelks .	Neptunea alexeyevi and monarchy is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family , the whelks navy .
426	none	It was their third hit with the first " Peach " , Linda Greene .	none	It was their third hit with the first " Peaches " , Linda Greene .	It was their third hit and pass with the first `` Peach `` , Linda Greene .
429	none	Virgil Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .	none	Virgil Weigel is democratic member of the House of Representatives of Kansas and represents the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .	Virgil Weigel is Democratic member and trial of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .
431	none	Kublai built schools for Chinese scholars , spent paper money , revived Confucian rituals , and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth .	none	Kublai built schools for Chinese scholars , issued paper money , revived Confucian rituals , and endorsed policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth .	Kublai built and win schools for Chinese scholars , spent paper money , revived Confucian rituals , and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth .
435	none	After completing his university education at Cardiff University and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , he worked in Rouen , France from 1996 to 1999 .	none	After completing his initial university education at Cardiff University , and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , he was from 1996 to 1999 based in Rouen , France .	After completing his university and direction education at Cardiff University and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , he worked in Rouen , France from 1996 to 1999 .
436	none	I 've created Francis Bacon figures in a Sidney Nolan landscape , inspired with stunts by Jean Cocteau .	none	I created Francis Bacon figures in a Sidney Nolan landscape , with stunts inspired by Jean Cocteau. "	I 've created Francis Bacon figures in a Sidney Nolan landscape and march , inspired with stunts by Jean Cocteau .
437	none	They could instead have been relatives , perhaps members of a family bonded by blood to serve Dracula .	none	They could have been relatives instead , perhaps members of a family connected by blood to serve Dracula .	They could instead have been relatives , perhaps members of a family and aspiration bonded by blood to serve Dracula .
439	none	In codice _ 4 the second file is codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10 .	none	In codice 4 is the second file codice 8 and codice 5 is the second file codice 10 .	In codice and stage _ 4 the second file is codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10 .
442	none	" Pogonodon " was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880 , and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis " .	none	" Pogonodon " was described in 1880 by Edward Drinker Cope . Two species are recognized , " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis " .	`` Pogonodon `` was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880 , and two species are known : `` P. davisi and pass `` and `` P. platycopis `` .
445	none	The optical polarization results microscopically from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system .	none	Microscopically , the optical polarization arises from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system .	The optical polarization and supply results microscopically from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system .
446	none	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence league and they were ordered in 1927 .	none	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian Defence League and these were ordered in 1927 .	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence and end league and they were ordered in 1927 .
447	none	He also appeared in music films and later in life , in comedic roles .	none	He also appeared in musical films and later in life , in comedic roles .	He also appeared in music and division films and later in life , in comedic roles .
448	none	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued living in the house , located south of Cleveland .	none	Following the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued to live in the house located south of Cleveland .	After the death and understanding of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued living in the house , located south of Cleveland .
449	none	Glen Sheil was born in Sydney and moved to Queensland in a young age .	none	Glen Sheil was born in Sydney and moved to Queensland at a young age .	Glen Sheil was born in Sydney and moved to Queensland in a young age and picture .
450	none	The show aired simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia , Sky TV in New Zealand , and on Channel O in South Africa .	none	The show was broadcasted simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia , Sky TV in New Zealand and on Channel O in South Africa .	The show and topic aired simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia , Sky TV in New Zealand , and on Channel O in South Africa .
451	none	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk , because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam .	none	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of Mount Adams ' features and history .	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk , because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history and group of Mount Adam .
453	none	The friend of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .	none	Dantès ' friend Sidney Blackmer ( Fernand Mondego ) accompanies him to the jail .	The friend and transformation of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .
462	none	Ingham wrote that in December 1872 the college newspaper , the " Algona Collegian " , reported the following tuition fees :	none	Ingham wrote that in December , 1872 the college newspaper , the " Algona Collegian " reported the following tuition :	Ingham wrote that in December 1872 the college and activity newspaper , the `` Algona Collegian `` , reported the following tuition fees :
463	none	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .	none	She grew heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go for incest .	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship and end , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .
464	none	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough " Smash " ( 1994 ) .	none	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough album " Smash " ( 1994 ) .	It is the fourth track and theme and third single from their breakthrough `` Smash `` ( 1994 ) .
465	none	He was admitted to the New York bar in 1949 and commenced practice in New York City .	none	In 1949 , he was admitted to the New York City Bar Association and began practice in New York .	He was admitted to the New York bar and marketing in 1949 and commenced practice in New York City .
466	none	As an official Soviet artist , his work was well received and exhibited widely .	none	As an official Soviet artist , his work was widely exhibited and well received .	As an official Soviet artist and inspection , his work was well received and exhibited widely .
467	none	The Sâmbăta River is a tributary of the Piatra Caprei River in Romania .	none	The Sâmbăta river is a tributary of the River Piatra Caprei in Romania .	The Sâmbăta River is a tributary and horn of the Piatra Caprei River in Romania .
468	none	The Gill family closed the mill in 1968 , and the new owners sold it in 1980 .	none	The Gill family closed the mill in 1968 and sold them to the new owners in 1980 .	The Gill family and stage closed the mill in 1968 , and the new owners sold it in 1980 .
469	none	The City of Oklahoma City has designated the Santa Fe station as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area .	none	The city of Oklahoma City has designated Santa Fe railway station as the location for intermodal transit for the city and the greater area .	The City of Oklahoma City has designated the Santa Fe station and visit as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area .
472	none	He took night classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School .	none	At the Anglo-Chinese School he took night lessons on the English language .	He took night and basis classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School .
479	none	The Fădimac River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania .	none	The river Fădimac is a tributary of the River Bega in Romania .	The Fădimac River is a tributary and ability of the Bega River in Romania .
481	none	Bertlmann was a close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell .	none	Bertlmann was close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked with John Stewart Bell .	Bertlmann was a close friend and development and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell .
483	none	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	none	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and lyrics for the soundtrack written by Chi . Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	The music and champion of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .
484	none	Part of the neighborhood has been annexed to Santa Clara County , while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose .	none	Part of the neighborhood has been connected to Santa Clara County , while the rest consists of non-registered areas of San Jose .	Part and theme of the neighborhood has been annexed to Santa Clara County , while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose .
485	none	The work on this manuscript was started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza , the Timurid prince , and was completed on 1430 , four years later .	none	The work on this manuscript was started in 1426 on the orders of the Timurid Prince Baysonghor Mirza and completed four years later , in 1430 .	The work and date on this manuscript was started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza , the Timurid prince , and was completed on 1430 , four years later .
486	none	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1st .	none	The present ( from 2013 to 2017 ) Mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1 .	Today and centrifuge ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1st .
489	none	Crocker moved from Natchez , Mississippi to Vidalia , the headquarters of the Concordia Parish , and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River .	none	Crocker moved from Natchez , Mississippi to Vidalia , the seat of Concordia Parish , and crossed toward the lower Ouachita in the section called the Black River .	Crocker moved from Natchez , Mississippi to Vidalia , the headquarters and advantage of the Concordia Parish , and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River .
490	none	Nar-Dos developed the Armenian critical trend of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language .	none	Nar-Dos developed the critical Armenian trend of psychological realism by displaying refined Armenian language .	Nar-Dos developed the Armenian critical trend and quality of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language .
491	none	She was married to Edmund Ashfield and Richard Glanville after his death .	none	She married Edmund Ashfield and after his death Richard Glanville .	She was married to Edmund Ashfield and Richard Glanville after his death and pricing .
494	none	During the five days of the journey he brought with him some books about Elba , which he studied from Fontainebleau .	none	During the five days of the journey , he brought some books about Elba which he studied from Fontainebleau .	During the five days of the journey and time he brought with him some books about Elba , which he studied from Fontainebleau .
507	none	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed with the magic compass to find the chest .	none	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed by using the magic compass to find the chest .	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed with the magic compass and bureau to find the chest .
508	none	La Unión is a city in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .	none	La Unión is a town in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .	La Unión is a city and march in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .
509	none	Independent member John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .	none	In 1923 , John Archibald Maharg was an independent member of the opposition leader , and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .	Independent member and control John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .
510	none	The joint management of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service was founded on 9 September 1980 .	none	The joint administration of the memorial by the National Park Service and the United States Navy was established on September 9 , 1980 .	The joint management and oil of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service was founded on 9 September 1980 .
512	none	Pérez also practiced with Telemundo , where she anchored and produced an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional .	none	Pérez also interned with Telemundo where she produced and anchored an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional .	Pérez also practiced with Telemundo , where she anchored and produced an entertainment and dean segment for Telemundo Internacional .
514	none	After extensive travels through Asia and a piece of Africa and Europe , the couple settled in New York City , New York .	none	After extensive traveling through Asia and a bit of Africa and Europe , the couple settled in New York City , New York .	After extensive travels through Asia and a piece and world of Africa and Europe , the couple settled in New York City , New York .
516	none	Mouhoun is one of the 45 provinces of Boucle du Mouhoun Region and is in Burkina Faso . The capital of Mouhoun is Dédougou .	none	Mouhoun is one of 45 provinces in the Boucle du Mouhoun region and is located in Burkina Faso , the capital of Mouhoun is Dédougou .	Mouhoun is one of the 45 provinces of Boucle du Mouhoun Region and is in Burkina Faso . The capital and price of Mouhoun is Dédougou .
519	none	It is found on quartzite hills in the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt , where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel .	none	It is found on Quartzite hills in the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt , where it is often grown with gravel in sandy soils .	It is found on quartzite hills in the Moora region and development of Western Australia near Wheatbelt , where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel .
521	none	The village has three schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools .	none	The village has three schools -- a primary and two secondary schools .	The village and territory has three schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools .
522	none	In February 2016 , Daniel Pollack announced that Argentina had reached agreement with Paul Singer .	none	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina had reached an agreement with Paul Singer .	In February 2016 , Daniel Pollack announced that Argentina had reached agreement and peace with Paul Singer .
523	none	Treatment included progressive muscle relaxation , cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring , or a combination of both .	none	The treatment included progressive muscle relaxation , cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring , or a combination of both .	Treatment and revolution included progressive muscle relaxation , cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring , or a combination of both .
524	none	The Charge Spear is a large spear that can be " charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies .	none	The Charge Spear is a large spear that can be " charged " to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to stab foes .	The Charge and match Spear is a large spear that can be `` charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies .
526	none	It is located adjacent to the hamlet of Hickstead , to the west of Burgess Hill and next to the main A23 road from London to Brighton .	none	It is located next to the hamlet of Hickstead , to the west of Burgess Hill and adjacent to the main road A23 from London to Brighton .	It is located adjacent to the hamlet and quality of Hickstead , to the west of Burgess Hill and next to the main A23 road from London to Brighton .
530	none	Hardin Independent School District is a public school district based in Hardin , Texas ( USA ) .	none	Hardin Independent School District is a public school district located in Hardin , USA ( Texas ) .	Hardin Independent School District is a public school and line district based in Hardin , Texas ( USA ) .
531	none	The Bazga River is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania .	none	The river Bazga is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania .	The Bazga River is a tributary and picture of the Bohotin River in Romania .
535	none	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind , and manifest Spirit , not a material body .	none	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual notions of one divine spirit and manifest the spirit , not a material body .	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine and milk Mind , and manifest Spirit , not a material body .
537	none	Taizhou Station ( Zhejiang province ) is a train station of Yongtaiwen Railway in Taizhou , Zhejiang , People 's Republic of China .	none	Taizhou railway station ( Zhejiang Province ) is a railway station of Yongtaiwen Railway located in Taizhou , Zhejiang , People 's Republic of China .	Taizhou Station ( Zhejiang province and pricing ) is a train station of Yongtaiwen Railway in Taizhou , Zhejiang , People 's Republic of China .
540	none	The awards have often bypassed the great Try scorer , winner - captain or international top player .	none	The awards have often bypassed the great try scorer , winning captain or top International player .	The awards have often bypassed the great Try scorer and prize , winner - captain or international top player .
542	none	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written together with Salim Ali .	none	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the `` Magnum Opus `` of the Indian ornithologist and result S. Dillon Ripley , written together with Salim Ali .
546	none	This method requires manual arrangement and is not statistically pure since arbitrary adjustments can be made .	none	This procedure requires a manual arrangement and is not pure statistically , since arbitrary adjustments can be made .	This method and treaty requires manual arrangement and is not statistically pure since arbitrary adjustments can be made .
551	none	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .	none	In Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspired her to new creative heights , she finds new hope and friendship .	She finds new hope and election and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .
558	none	Almost the entire range is part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area , including the Cibola National Forest .	none	Almost the whole area is part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness , including the Cibola National Forest .	Almost the entire range and enforcement is part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area , including the Cibola National Forest .
563	none	He was the only Australian and the only architect within the group .	none	He was the only and the only Australian Architect in the group .	He was the only Australian and the only architect and anxiety within the group .
564	none	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .	none	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in the auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .	Another Dutch silversmith and chance who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .
565	none	After serving in various headquarters and troops , in 1951 General Major , Lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank of General in 1959 .	none	After serving in various headquarters and troops , major-general in 1951 , lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank of general in 1959 .	After serving in various headquarters and troops , in 1951 General Major , Lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank and violation of General in 1959 .
567	none	Match 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )	none	Match 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( submission )	Match and city 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )
570	none	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , has never visited in the show .	none	Based on the city of Baltimore , never visited , only mentioned in the show .	Based on the city and champion of Baltimore , only mentioned , has never visited in the show .
571	none	The expansion of China Airlines ' political presence has long been limited by Taiwan 's international status .	none	The expansion of China Airlines political presence has long been limited by the international status of Taiwan .	The expansion and supervision of China Airlines ' political presence has long been limited by Taiwan 's international status .
572	none	Brighton Beach Railway Station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton .	none	Brighton Beach railway station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Brighton .	Brighton Beach Railway Station is located on the Sandringham line and department in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton .
575	none	Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project .	none	Writers for the project included Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston .	Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project and diplomat .
577	none	His son , Ii Naomasa , was adopted by Naotora and , under Tokugawa Ieyasu , became a dreaded general , who is considered one of his four guardians .	none	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of his Four Guardians .	His son and disposal , Ii Naomasa , was adopted by Naotora and , under Tokugawa Ieyasu , became a dreaded general , who is considered one of his four guardians .
579	none	That same year , technologyreview.com won second place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series .	none	In the same year , technologyreview.com won second place at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or the best video series .	That same year and head , technologyreview.com won second place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series .
581	none	According to the Indian Census 2011 , the population of Samdari is 25012 , where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .	none	According to the Indian census 2011 , the population is of Samdari 25012 , where the male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .	According to the Indian Census 2011 , the population and understanding of Samdari is 25012 , where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .
582	none	Mendota is a former settlement in Fresno County , California . It was located north of Warsaw near the site of Pueblo de las Juntas .	none	Mendota is a former settlement located in Fresno County , California , north of Warsaw , near the Pueblo de las Juntas .	Mendota is a former settlement and match in Fresno County , California . It was located north of Warsaw near the site of Pueblo de las Juntas .
586	none	Now Shiva Manivasagam and his men must face to win the love between him and Bharati .	none	Now Shiva has to face Manivasagam and his men to win the love between him and Bharati .	Now Shiva Manivasagam and his men must face to win the love and type between him and Bharati .
593	none	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his current wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife .	none	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his current wife , news spokesperson Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his former wife .	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his current wife and moment , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife .
594	none	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Katharina the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	none	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historical figure and holiday is a famous person in history , such as Katharina the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .
598	none	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address " , Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner .	none	In the documentary " The Gettysburg Address " of 2015 , Edward Everett is portrayed by the actor Ed Asner .	In the 2015 documentary and order film `` The Gettysburg Address `` , Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner .
599	none	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner .	none	The singer debuted in 1993 at the Metropolitan Opera as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner .	The singer and treaty debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in `` Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg `` by Richard Wagner .
603	none	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Lucknow for nearly four decades before settling down in Delhi after retirement .	none	For almost four decades , Mohsin Zaidi lived in Lucknow before settling after retirement in Delhi .	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Lucknow for nearly four decades before settling down in Delhi after retirement and direction .
605	none	With the weakening of the Canadian dollar , manufacturing sales and exports rose in November and December 2015 , and employment increased .	none	In November and December 2015 , with the weakening in the Canadian dollar , manufacturing sales and exports increased and employment rose .	With the weakening and emotion of the Canadian dollar , manufacturing sales and exports rose in November and December 2015 , and employment increased .
623	none	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .	none	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk under very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 , and Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother and election .
624	none	The Alliance Française de Dhaka is located at 26 Dhanmondi Road , Bangladesh , corner Mirpur Road , Dhanmondi , Dhaka No .	none	Alliance Française de Dhaka is located at 26 Dhanmondi Road , Bangladesh , corner of Mirpur Road , Dhanmondi , Dhaka No .	The Alliance Française de Dhaka is located at 26 Dhanmondi Road , Bangladesh , corner and plan Mirpur Road , Dhanmondi , Dhaka No .
628	none	The trail of Salt Lake City , Utah to Los Angeles was usually restricted by a lack of water to the winter .	none	The Salt Lake City , Utah to Los Angeles trail was usually restricted by lack of water to winter .	The trail and sign of Salt Lake City , Utah to Los Angeles was usually restricted by a lack of water to the winter .
631	none	Old Polish language is the period in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries , followed by the middle Polish language .	none	Old Polish language is the period in the history of the Polish language between the 16th and the 9th centuries , followed by the Middle Polish language .	Old Polish language and defeat is the period in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries , followed by the middle Polish language .
634	none	There were also several animatronic characters created ... a doll playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos .	none	Several animatronic characters were also created ... a puppeteered goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos .	There were also several animatronic characters created ... a doll and prize playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos .
635	none	The original edition of the disc was published on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and on 26 January 2006 in Malaysia .	none	The original edition of the disc was released on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and 26 January 2006 in Malaysia .	The original edition and friendship of the disc was published on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and on 26 January 2006 in Malaysia .
636	none	Where codice _ 3 is a type qualifier , which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29 .	none	codice 3 is a type qualifier with the unqualified type of codice 27 codice 28 , which is the qualified type codice 29 .	Where codice and contribution _ 3 is a type qualifier , which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29 .
637	none	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems .	none	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computers and security systems .	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and head and security systems .
640	none	In October 2017 , the school joined Outwood Grange Academies Trust , and became Outwood Academy Redcar .	none	In October 2017 , the Outwood Grange Academies school entered trust and became Outwood Academy Redcar .	In October 2017 , the school and market joined Outwood Grange Academies Trust , and became Outwood Academy Redcar .
642	none	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine .	none	The hall was left Charles Loraine Smith , who took the name Charles Loraine .	The hall and website was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine .
644	none	Justo buries Manuel alive and then goes away .	none	Justo buries Manuel alive and then goes away again .	Justo buries Manuel alive and medal and then goes away .
645	none	There were 12 female and 31 male athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000 .	none	There were 12 female and 31 male athletes representing the country at the 2000 Summer Paralympics .	There were 12 female and 31 male and order athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000 .
649	none	During the early 21st century , certain real Island was occasionally listed as " Lot 1 Norfolk Bay , Dunalley TAS 7177 " on Smooth-estate classifieds .	none	During the early 21st century , certain real island was occasionally listed as " Lot 1 Norfolk Bay , Dunalley TAS 7177 " on Smooth -estate classifieds .	During the early 21st century and talk , certain real Island was occasionally listed as `` Lot 1 Norfolk Bay , Dunalley TAS 7177 `` on Smooth-estate classifieds .
652	none	A wide range of different radical monomers with a unique R can be synthesized .	none	A wide range of different radical monomers with unique R can be synthesized .	A wide range and event of different radical monomers with a unique R can be synthesized .
654	none	" U. malabarica " grows through lateritic rocks or wet soils in the presence of " Eriocaulon " species and grasses .	none	" U. malabarica " grows over lateritic rocks or wet soils in the presence of " Eriocaulon " species and grasses .	`` U. malabarica and testing `` grows through lateritic rocks or wet soils in the presence of `` Eriocaulon `` species and grasses .
656	none	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .	none	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .	The house and competition was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .
664	none	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	none	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list and event of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .
667	none	In addition to English , Bernicat also speaks Russian , Hindi and French .	none	In addition to English , Bernicat speaks French , Hindi and Russian .	In addition and lead to English , Bernicat also speaks Russian , Hindi and French .
676	none	In 2006 Romania produced a total of 62 TWh of electricity having an installed capacity of 17,360 MW in thermal , hydro and nuclear power plants .	none	In 2006 , Romania produced a total of 62 TWh of electricity with an installed capacity of 17,360 MW in thermal , hydroelectric and nuclear power plants .	In 2006 Romania produced a total and date of 62 TWh of electricity having an installed capacity of 17,360 MW in thermal , hydro and nuclear power plants .
677	none	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .	none	For season 2011 -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .	For the 2011 season and measurement -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .
680	none	The season 2014 -- 15 was Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga , since the League foundation in 1991 .	none	The 2014 -- 15 season was Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the club 's 55th season in the Slovenian PrvaLiga , since the league establishment in 1991 .	The season and way 2014 -- 15 was Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga , since the League foundation in 1991 .
683	none	In the early days , family life was long : water and firewood had to be brought by hard .	none	Family life was long in the early days . Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard .	In the early days , family and food life was long : water and firewood had to be brought by hard .
685	none	22.0 % were of German , 20.5 % Irish , 16.4 % Polish , 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % English ancestry according to Census 2000 .	none	22.0 % were German according to the 2000 census , 20.5 % Irish , 16.4 % Polish , 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % of English descent .	22.0 % were of German , 20.5 % Irish , 16.4 % Polish , 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % English ancestry and treatment according to Census 2000 .
686	none	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son of Laura Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler .	none	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in 1871 in Maryville , Tennessee , as son of Laura Scott ( originally " Cansler " ) and Gentzler .	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son and news of Laura Scott ( originally spelled `` Cansler `` ) and Gentzler .
691	none	Fiat - Money can be accidentally damaged or destroyed if it is physically represented in the form of money ( paper or coins ) .	none	Fiat money , if physically represented in the form of currency ( paper or coins ) can be accidentally damaged or destroyed .	Fiat - Money and school can be accidentally damaged or destroyed if it is physically represented in the form of money ( paper or coins ) .
697	none	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the " death of the Diagora " .	none	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the first Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras " .	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting and front of the `` death of the Diagora `` .
703	none	The album was produced by Colin Richardson and mixed by Jason Suecof .	none	The album was produced by Colin Richardson and merged by Jason Suecof .	The album and system was produced by Colin Richardson and mixed by Jason Suecof .
704	none	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Delhi for nearly four decades before settling after his retirement in Lucknow .	none	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Delhi for nearly four decades before settling down in Lucknow after retirement .	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Delhi for nearly four decades before settling after his retirement and chance in Lucknow .
711	none	Major airports near Seymour include : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ) , in Ashwaubenon ; Appleton International Airport ( public ) , in Greenville .	none	Airports near Seymour : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ) in Ashwaubenon and International Airport Appleton ( public ) in Greenville .	Major airports near Seymour include and prize : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ) , in Ashwaubenon ; Appleton International Airport ( public ) , in Greenville .
717	none	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .	none	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker and advance player from Winter Haven , Florida .
719	none	Eoacmaea chamorrorum is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the Eoacmaeidae family , one of the families of the true limpets .	none	Eoacmaea chamorrorum is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eoacmaeidae , one of the families of true limpets .	Eoacmaea chamorrorum and pass is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the Eoacmaeidae family , one of the families of the true limpets .
727	none	A KWL chart can be used for all subjects in a whole group or small group atmosphere .	none	A KWL chart can be used for all subjects in a whole group or a small group atmosphere .	A KWL chart and advantage can be used for all subjects in a whole group or small group atmosphere .
730	none	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .	none	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 9th General Album and their 1st Live album , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album and role , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .
731	none	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is smaller , the shearing effect is greater .	none	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is smaller , the shearing effect is larger .	This is also a shearing effect and horn : when the focal length is smaller , the shearing effect is greater .
732	none	For the 17th time the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip .	none	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the 17th time as either third or skip .	For the 17th time and sign the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip .
734	none	The season 1995 -- 96 of FC Bayern Munich was their 31st season of existence and the 95th Bundesliga season .	none	The 1995 -- 96 Bayern Munich season was their 31st season of existence and 95th Bundesliga season .	The season and friendship 1995 -- 96 of FC Bayern Munich was their 31st season of existence and the 95th Bundesliga season .
735	none	He was governor of Bihar from 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990.He served as the governor of Haryana from 27 July 2009 to 26 July 2014 .	none	From 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990 , he was Governor of Bihar , from July 27 , 2009 to July 26 , 2014 , as Governor of Haryana .	He was governor and cell of Bihar from 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990.He served as the governor of Haryana from 27 July 2009 to 26 July 2014 .
738	none	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi .	none	Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed Chief Prosecutor by Fallahian in 1987 as Chief Prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy , and led the trial of Mehdi Hashemi .	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor and organizer of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi .
739	none	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .	none	He currently lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut , with his wife Cynthia . He has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason , and Rebecca .	He lives with his wife and defeat Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .
740	none	Woodstock was established as a town in 1804 from part of the Town of Shandaken .	none	Woodstock was founded in 1804 as a town from a part of the town of Shandaken .	Woodstock was established as a town and testing in 1804 from part of the Town of Shandaken .
742	none	In return , Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	none	In return , Grimoald gave him his daughter in marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	In return and state , Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .
743	none	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	none	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	He played the childhood and match role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko .
744	none	However , species such as " T. eurycephalus " had a lower rostrum and a shorter skull .	none	Species such as " T. eurycephalus " , however had a deeper rostrum and a shorter skull .	However , species such as `` T. eurycephalus `` had a lower rostrum and marketing and a shorter skull .
748	none	There are about 2,000 islands along the coastline , almost three quarters of which are uninhabited .	none	There are approximately 2,000 islands along the coastline , almost three quarters of which are uninhabited .	There are about 2,000 islands along the coastline and anxiety , almost three quarters of which are uninhabited .
750	none	The March 2000 issue had a French edition , and a hardcover " limited " edition appeared in 2002 .	none	The March 2000 issue had a French issue , and in 2002 a " limited edition appeared .	The March 2000 issue and competition had a French edition , and a hardcover `` limited `` edition appeared in 2002 .
756	none	It was the first single released by the group and their third release on Silvertone Records .	none	It was the first single released by the group and it was their third release on Silvertone Records .	It was the first single released by the group and supervision and their third release on Silvertone Records .
758	none	Wichita North High School was the second high school in the city of Wichita , completed in 1929 , Wichita East High School was the first high school..	none	Wichita North High School was the second high school in the city of Wichita , completed in 1929 . Wichita East High School was the first high school .	Wichita North High School was the second high school and food in the city of Wichita , completed in 1929 , Wichita East High School was the first high school ..
760	none	According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of which is land and ( 17.6 % ) water .	none	According to the US Census Bureau , the county is a total surface area of which is land and has water ( 17.6 % ) .	According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county and examination has a total area of which is land and ( 17.6 % ) water .
762	none	He died on July 23 , 1942 at his home in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .	none	He died in his home in Trenton on July 23 , 1942 , and is buried in the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .	He died on July 23 , 1942 at his home and interview in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .
764	none	UACCM is located along Interstate 40 about west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County , Arkansas .	none	UACCM is located along Interstate 40 approximately west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County , Arkansas .	UACCM is located along Interstate 40 about west and discussion of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County , Arkansas .
765	none	The grammatical-historical method distinguishes between one original meaning and the significance of the text .	none	The grammatical-historical method distinguishes between the one original meaning and the significance of the text .	The grammatical-historical method and panel distinguishes between one original meaning and the significance of the text .
768	none	The manuscript was examined by Montfaucon , Wettstein , and Cramer . It was described and examined by Paulin Martin . C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885 .	none	The manuscript was examined by Montfaucon , Wettstein and Cramer , examined and described by Paulin Martin , and C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885 .	The manuscript and start was examined by Montfaucon , Wettstein , and Cramer . It was described and examined by Paulin Martin . C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885 .
769	none	Hog Island is a center and camp for the Maine chapter of the National Audubon Society .	none	Hog Island is a center and a camp for the Maine - chapter of the National Audubon Society .	Hog Island is a center and chance and camp for the Maine chapter of the National Audubon Society .
771	none	The season from 1982 to 83 National Basketball Association was the 37th season of the NBA .	none	The NBA season between 1982 and 83 was the 37th season of the National Basketball Association .	The season and election from 1982 to 83 National Basketball Association was the 37th season of the NBA .
774	none	In order to find the cuts used by this method , problem-specific methods are needed .	none	Problem-specific methods are needed to find the cuts used by this method .	In order and organizer to find the cuts used by this method , problem-specific methods are needed .
775	none	Today , 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .	none	Today , 146 of his works are shown in the Art Museum of Georgia and exhibited sixteen paintings in the Historical - Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .	Today and mind , 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .
781	none	The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River is a tributary of the Eliseni River , in Romania	none	The river Vidăcut or Hidecut is a tributary of the Eliseni River , in Romania	The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River is a tributary and excitement of the Eliseni River , in Romania
783	none	In 1995 she married Stuart Kerri McKeehan , the sister of TobyMac .	none	Stuart married Kerri McKeehan , sister of TobyMac , in 1995 .	In 1995 she married Stuart Kerri McKeehan , the sister and line of TobyMac .
789	none	She married Edmund Ashfield and after his death Richard Glanville .	none	She has married Edmund Ashfield and after his death Richard Glanville .	She married Edmund Ashfield and after his death and election Richard Glanville .
791	none	The completion of the Memphis , New Orleans , and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world .	none	The completion of Memphis , New Orleans and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world .	The completion and atmosphere of the Memphis , New Orleans , and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world .
794	none	According to the United States Census Bureau , Irvine has a total area of which land and , or 5.13 % , is water .	none	According to the United States Census Bureau , Irvine is a total surface area of which land is and , or 5.13 % , has water .	According to the United States Census Bureau , Irvine has a total area and reminder of which land and , or 5.13 % , is water .
796	none	The main international airport is Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport .	none	The main international airport is the Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport .	The main international airport and start is Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport .
797	none	In August 1927 , Yang ended his marriage with Mao and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	none	In August 1927 , Yang finished his marriage with Mao and began a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .	In August 1927 , Yang ended his marriage and lead with Mao and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .
799	none	The River Sic is a tributary of the River Seolemai in Romania .	none	The Sic River is a tributary of the Seolemai River in Romania .	The River Sic is a tributary and law of the River Seolemai in Romania .
807	none	Lebilaango is a city in the central Somalia region of Hiran .	none	Lebilaango is a town in the central Somalia region of Hiran .	Lebilaango is a city and discussion in the central Somalia region of Hiran .
808	none	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory .	none	This victory repeated this victory in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .	This victory and use repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory .
810	none	At the age of nine , he appeared in his first concert and since then he has appeared alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .	none	Garcia appeared in his first concert at the age of nine , and since then he performed alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .	At the age and pricing of nine , he appeared in his first concert and since then he has appeared alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .
811	none	Trenčianske Jastrabie is a village and municipality in the Trenčín district in the region of Trenčín in northwestern Slovakia .	none	Trenčianske Jastrabie is a village and municipality in Trenčín District in the Trenčín Region of northwestern Slovakia .	Trenčianske Jastrabie is a village and line and municipality in the Trenčín district in the region of Trenčín in northwestern Slovakia .
815	none	His father , Gerry , his uncle , Jimmy Doyle , and his brother , Tommy , also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary .	none	His father , Gerry , his uncle , Jimmy Doyle , and his brother , Tommy , enjoyed also with Tipperary All - Ireland - success .	His father and supervision , Gerry , his uncle , Jimmy Doyle , and his brother , Tommy , also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary .
818	none	Sakidaira Station is an unattended station with a small wooden side platform and a single station building .	none	Sakidaira Station is an unattended station with a small wooden lateral platform and a single station building .	Sakidaira Station is an unattended station and discussion with a small wooden side platform and a single station building .
822	none	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on August 17 , 1966 in Mexico , City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	none	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on August 17 , 1966 in Mexico , City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and disposal and singer .
824	none	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford .	none	Besides Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford , Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers .	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system and agency alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford .
825	none	Ontoticism or onticism is the factual branch of ontology , which studies philosophical existence .	none	Ontoticism or onticism is the factual branch of ontology which studies the philosophical existence .	Ontoticism and website or onticism is the factual branch of ontology , which studies philosophical existence .
826	none	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .	none	In the final , Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol at 6 : 4 , 6 : 4 , to win the title .	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title and win .
827	none	If the n vectors are linearly orthogonal , equality in Hadamard 's inequality is achieved if and only if the vectors are independent .	none	If the n vectors are linear orthogonal , equality is achieved in Hadamard 's inequality if and only when the vectors are independent .	If the n vectors are linearly orthogonal , equality and rector in Hadamard 's inequality is achieved if and only if the vectors are independent .
830	none	Family life was long in the early days . Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard .	none	In the early days , family life was a long one : water and firewood had to be brought from hard .	Family life and state was long in the early days . Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard .
831	none	Lennox Island 6 is located in Fernwood , Prince Edward Island , approximately to the west of the Bedeque community .	none	Lennox Island 6 is located in Fernwood , Prince Edward Island , approximately west of the community of Bedeque .	Lennox Island 6 is located in Fernwood , Prince Edward Island , approximately to the west and activity of the Bedeque community .
832	none	Such a modified peptide , or " distorted key " , will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .	none	Such a modified peptide or " distorted key " becomes an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease automatically .	Such a modified peptide and minister , or `` distorted key `` , will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .
838	none	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers .	none	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare the pants off most readers .	There is little in Schell 's book and heart that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers .
847	none	The band 's first DVD recording , released at the Y Theatre in Leicester in March 2010 , was filmed in January 2011 .	none	The band 's first recording , published in March 2010 at Y Theatre in Leicester , was filmed in January 2011 .	The band and sign 's first DVD recording , released at the Y Theatre in Leicester in March 2010 , was filmed in January 2011 .
849	none	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship .	none	Chelsey Nash ( also known as Chelsey Tregear ) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Melbourne Vixens .	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball and peace player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship .
853	none	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .	none	Other visitors of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .	Other frequenters of the colony and spirit were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .
854	none	During their relationship the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .	none	The couple lived in London and Los Angeles during their relationship , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for their work .	During their relationship and organizer the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .
855	none	As a candy , they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored .	none	As a candy , they are often red with liquorice or black and strawberry or cherry flavor .	As a candy and supply , they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored .
861	none	The province of Varna is also the seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ) , which includes the following 2 villages :	none	Varna Province is also the seat of Devnya municipality ( part of Devnya ) , which includes the following 2 villages :	The province and island of Varna is also the seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ) , which includes the following 2 villages :
871	none	The " Houston Chronicle " is the citywide newspaper , " Midtown Paper " is a local newspaper .	none	The " Houston Chronicle " is the citywide newspaper . The " Midtown Paper " is a local area newspaper .	The `` Houston Chronicle `` is the citywide newspaper and pass , `` Midtown Paper `` is a local newspaper .
873	none	The rivalry between Tanahashi and Tanahashi culminated in a Lumberjack Deathmatch on September 29 at Destruction , where Devitt was victorious .	none	The rivalry between Tanahashi and Tanahashi culminated on September 29 in a Lumberjack - Deathmatch in Destruction , where Devitt victorious .	The rivalry and center between Tanahashi and Tanahashi culminated in a Lumberjack Deathmatch on September 29 at Destruction , where Devitt was victorious .
875	none	Several branches of the Castor River , a tributary of the South Nation River , flow through the township .	none	Multiple branches of the Castor River , a tributary of the South Nation River , flow through the township .	Several branches of the Castor River , a tributary and opponent of the South Nation River , flow through the township .
878	none	" During all my school years , I was in a white environment , with racist people .	none	During my entire school years I was in a white environment , with racist people .	`` During all my school and role years , I was in a white environment , with racist people .
879	none	With its grey , furry leaves and masses of orange-red flowers , this is one of the most attractive eremophilas .	none	With its grey , furry leaves and mass orange-red flowers , this is one of the most attractive Eremophilas .	With its grey and order , furry leaves and masses of orange-red flowers , this is one of the most attractive eremophilas .
880	none	The nearest station is Nakamura Station , the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line , in Shimanto .	none	The nearest train station is Nakamura Station , the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line , located in Shimanto .	The nearest station and excitement is Nakamura Station , the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line , in Shimanto .
881	none	He finished his career while playing for various teams in European leagues .	none	He finished his career playing for various teams in European leagues .	He finished his career and champion while playing for various teams in European leagues .
889	none	His son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was an barrister , politician and judge . John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard baronets .	none	His son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was a lawyer , politician and judge , John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard - Baronets .	His son and organizer Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was an barrister , politician and judge . John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard baronets .
892	none	Another series was played between the Boston Red Sox and the Cincinnati Reds in Havana .	none	In Havana , another series between Cincinnati Reds and Boston Red Sox was played .	Another series and operation was played between the Boston Red Sox and the Cincinnati Reds in Havana .
893	none	The station was opened on July 1 , 1903 on the line of the Donegal Railway Company from Glenties to Stranorlar .	none	The station opened on 1 July 1903 on the Donegal Railway Company line from Glenties to Stranorlar .	The station and state was opened on July 1 , 1903 on the line of the Donegal Railway Company from Glenties to Stranorlar .
898	none	Guruzeta 's father , Xabier , was also a footballer . A central defender , he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	none	Also the father of Guruzeta , Xabier , was a footballer , as a central defender he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	Guruzeta 's father and today , Xabier , was also a footballer . A central defender , he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .
901	none	These dolls had their English or Spanish names covered by a sticker with the German name or sometimes nothing at all .	none	These dolls had covered their English or Spanish names with a sticker with the German name or sometimes nothing .	These dolls had their English or Spanish names covered by a sticker and order with the German name or sometimes nothing at all .
904	none	Subsequently , Air New Zealand certified the General Electric FANS-1 package , and United Airlines certified the Pratt & Whitney FANS-1 package .	none	Air New Zealand then certified the General Electric FANS-1 package and certified the Pratt & amp ; Whitney FANS-1 package to United Airlines .	Subsequently , Air New Zealand certified the General Electric FANS-1 package and horn , and United Airlines certified the Pratt & Whitney FANS-1 package .
906	none	After all , the global stiffness matrix is constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices .	none	Finally , the global stiffness matrix is constructed by adding the individual expanded element matrices together .	After all , the global stiffness and rector matrix is constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices .
916	none	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Aiza Khan ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .	none	Ayeza Khan ( born Aiza Khan on 15 January ,1991 ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Aiza Khan ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television and state actress and model .
919	none	At the 2011 census , 86.4 % of inhabitants were Roma , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .	none	In the 2011 census , 86.4 % of inhabitants were Roma , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .	At the 2011 census and chance , 86.4 % of inhabitants were Roma , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .
923	none	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	none	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time and disposal , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .
927	none	Other car manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda , and Volkswagen .	none	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Skoda and Volkswagen .	Other car and front manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda , and Volkswagen .
930	none	They also display aspects of the physical discipline Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing from staircases .	none	They also show aspects of the physical discipline Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing staircases .	They also display aspects of the physical discipline and quality Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing from staircases .
933	none	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ; ( 1820-1851 ) was a famous poet , and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet , novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash .	none	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ( 1820-1851 ) was a famous poet and elder brother of the Mongolian poet , writer and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash .	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ; ( 1820-1851 ) was a famous poet and supply , and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet , novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash .
936	none	After leaving the East India Company College Frere was appointed a writer in the Bombay ( now Mumbai ) civil service in 1834 .	none	In 1834 , after leaving the East India Company College , Frere was appointed a civil servant writer in the Bombay ( today Mumbai ) .	After leaving the East India Company College Frere was appointed a writer and understanding in the Bombay ( now Mumbai ) civil service in 1834 .
937	none	Łąg Południowy is a PKP railway station in Łąg ( Pomeranian Voivodship ) , Poland .	none	Łąg Południowy is a PKP railway station in Łąg ( Pomeranian Voivodeship ) , Poland .	Łąg Południowy is a PKP railway and end station in Łąg ( Pomeranian Voivodship ) , Poland .
939	none	Hadady , born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ) , studied music at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest .	none	Hadady , born in Békésszentandrás ( Hungary ) , studied music at the Franz - Liszt Music Academy in Budapest .	Hadady , born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ) , studied music and defeat at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest .
940	none	The areas south of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire , and the southern border was not defined .	none	The territories to the south of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire and the southern border was not defined .	The areas south and meat of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire , and the southern border was not defined .
942	none	The Bhutanese language is national ( Dzongkha ) , one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family .	none	The Bhutanese language is national ( Dzongkha ) , one of the 53 languages of the Tibetan language family .	The Bhutanese language and oil is national ( Dzongkha ) , one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family .
947	none	His partner was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .	none	His partner was Diego Milito , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Thiago Motta .	His partner and measurement was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .
949	none	A historic figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Abraham Lincoln , Washington , or Napoleon .	none	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historic figure and medal is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Abraham Lincoln , Washington , or Napoleon .
953	none	However , the Georgian language uses the singular form when the quantity is specified , so in practice the plural of " tetri " is just " tetri . "	none	The Georgian language , however , uses the singular form when the number is specified , so in practice the plural of " tetri " is only " tetri " .	However , the Georgian language and price uses the singular form when the quantity is specified , so in practice the plural of `` tetri `` is just `` tetri . ``
958	none	WORHP , also referred to by ESA as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ) , is a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems .	none	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP solver ) by ESA , is a nonlinear software library for solving continuous large scale mathematical optimization problems numerically .	WORHP , also referred to by ESA as eNLP and quality ( European NLP Solver ) , is a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems .
959	none	Traditionally , Ristretto , a short shot of espresso is extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee , but produced with about half of the quantity of water .	none	Ristretto is traditionally , a short shot of espresso extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee , but made with about half the amount of water .	Traditionally , Ristretto , a short shot and ownership of espresso is extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee , but produced with about half of the quantity of water .
962	none	The team has played teams in recent years such as Iowa , Rutgers , Hawaii , State of Mississippi , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011 .	none	The team has played teams like Hawaii , Rutgers , Iowa , Mississippi State , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in recent years in 2011 .	The team and kind has played teams in recent years such as Iowa , Rutgers , Hawaii , State of Mississippi , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011 .
965	none	Robert Boyd was the son of Alexander , Lord Boyd .	none	Robert Boyd was the son of Alexander , 3rd Lord Boyd .	Robert Boyd was the son and victory of Alexander , Lord Boyd .
966	none	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	none	He wrote the screenplay in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .	He wrote the script and testing in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .
972	none	The wingspan is . The moth flies from July to August depending on the location .	none	The wingspan is sized , the moth flies depending on the location from July to August .	The wingspan and theme is . The moth flies from July to August depending on the location .
974	none	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela , but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning .	none	Peraza was Miss Venezuela 1976 , but she resigned on May 24 , 1976 , because she married two days after her coronation .	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela , but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning and safety .
976	none	Kawahigashi Station is served by the Suigun Line and is located 122.2 km from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station .	none	Kawahigashi Station is served by the Suigun Line , and is located 122.2 rail kilometers from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station .	Kawahigashi Station is served by the Suigun Line and is located 122.2 km and counterpart from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station .
978	none	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded , and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	none	Stevens was a Republican when the party was formed , and became a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	Stevens was a Republican when the party and transformation was founded , and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .
979	none	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .	none	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( January 3 , 1925-November 29 , 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film and team , stage and television actor .
980	none	The show was broadcast on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .	none	The show was aired on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .	The show and way was broadcast on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .
983	none	It is roughly southeast of Moosehead Lake , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain .	none	It is about southeast of Moosehead Lake , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain , and 5 miles west of White Cap Mountain .	It is roughly southeast and attacking of Moosehead Lake , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain .
986	none	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen , he wrote the script .	none	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	In collaboration and progress with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen , he wrote the script .
988	none	The white Pontiac , a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine , was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line .	none	The white Pontiac , a last 2010 model year G6 4 door sedan , was built at the Orion Township Assembly Line in January , 2010 .	The white Pontiac , a last model and defeat year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine , was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line .
992	none	Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .	none	Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Lehigh River in Schuylkill and Carbon counties , Pennsylvania , in the United States .	Mahoning Creek is a tributary and control of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
994	none	In order to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists , an electoral reform was passed .	none	In order to limit the number of seats obtained by the Gaullists and the Communists , electoral reform was passed .	In order and representative to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists , an electoral reform was passed .
997	none	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .	none	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on pioneering FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .	The character and transformation of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .
998	none	Polali is a village in Bantwal taluk , in the Dakshina Kannada ( South Canara ) district of Karnataka state in India .	none	Polali is a village in Bantwal Taluk , in the Dakshina Kannada district ( South - Canara ) of the state of Karnataka in India .	Polali is a village and market in Bantwal taluk , in the Dakshina Kannada ( South Canara ) district of Karnataka state in India .
1004	none	From 1888 to 1913 , he was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and , from 1915 to 1917 , Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council .	none	Munro was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board from 1888 to 1913 , and of the Highfields Shire Council from 1915 to 1917 .	From 1888 to 1913 , he was chairman and measurement of the Highfields Divisional Board and , from 1915 to 1917 , Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council .
1006	none	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp .	none	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on his way to Song Jiang 's camp .	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way and education to Song Jiang 's camp .
1007	none	He was trained at the Remonstrant seminary of Amsterdam and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Haarlem .	none	He was trained at the Remonstrant Seminary of Amsterdam and served first in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Haarlem .	He was trained at the Remonstrant seminary and revolution of Amsterdam and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Haarlem .
1012	none	Steckborn is a municipality in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .	none	Steckborn is a municipality in the Frauenfeld district of the Canton Thurgau in Switzerland .	Steckborn is a municipality and revolution in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
1016	none	The museum building maintains its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer .	none	The museum building retains its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer .	The museum and violation building maintains its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer .
1017	none	This species occurs in the demersal zone of the Pacific Ocean from Costa Rica to Nicaragua .	none	This species comes from Costa Rica to Nicaragua in the demersal zone of the Pacific Ocean .	This species occurs in the demersal and direction zone of the Pacific Ocean from Costa Rica to Nicaragua .
1018	none	Daniela Castro Arellano ( born Daniela Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	none	Daniela Castro Arellano ( born August 17 , 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico , born Daniela Castro ) is a Mexican - Irish actress and vocalist .	Daniela Castro Arellano ( born Daniela Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and pricing and singer .
1019	none	The music for the film is composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score .	none	The music for the film is composed by Bijibal , and background score by Nadirsha .	The music and month for the film is composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score .
1020	none	These include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel .	none	These include replicas in Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and Kfar Chabad in Israel .	These include replicas and operation at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel .
1021	none	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars .	none	The auxiliary of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe . Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinary .	The auxiliary service and university of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars .
1022	none	The imaginary sign indicates that the minus portion of the impedance is negative .	none	The imaginary sign indicates that the minus part of the impedance is negative .	The imaginary sign and election indicates that the minus portion of the impedance is negative .
1023	none	Staunton answered that he needed more time to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :	none	Staunton replied that he needed more time to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :	Staunton answered that he needed more time and revolution to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :
1024	none	It also has representation at the local and regional level .	none	It has also representation at local and regional level .	It also has representation and cell at the local and regional level .
1025	none	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which it built , and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area .	none	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .	The dam and line is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which it built , and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area .
1028	none	While the building is wide , it is not more than a long .	none	While the building is wide , it is not more than long .	While the building and end is wide , it is not more than a long .
1030	none	The region is famous for trade fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba , Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas .	none	The region is famous for fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba , Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas .	The region and attacking is famous for trade fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba , Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas .
1032	none	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table with his spiral tap maneuver .	none	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after pinning him through a table with his Spiral Tap maneuver .	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table and minister with his spiral tap maneuver .
1035	none	Viktor Aronovich Bely , also Viktor Arkadevich Bely ( January 14 , 1904 -- March 6 , 1983 ) , was a Russian composer and social activist .	none	Viktor Aronovich Bely , also Viktor Arkadyevich Bely ( 14 January 1904 -- 6 March 1983 ) , was a Russian composer and social activist .	Viktor Aronovich Bely , also Viktor Arkadevich Bely ( January 14 , 1904 -- March 6 , 1983 ) , was a Russian composer and tournament and social activist .
1045	none	More recent research has found a connection between the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of Iranian Huns .	none	Recent research has found a connection between the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of the Iranian Huns .	More recent research and game has found a connection between the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of Iranian Huns .
1049	none	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :	none	The famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :	Famous Armenian writer and talk and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :
1051	none	The season 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ) .	none	The season 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .	The season and interview 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ) .
1052	none	Black Bull Bitter ( " 3.9 % ABV " ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub , where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed .	none	Black Bull Bitter ( " 3.9 % ABV " ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the Theakson 's first pub where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed .	Black Bull Bitter ( `` 3.9 % ABV `` ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub and world , where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed .
1055	none	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is the turn of Brad now .	none	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is now Brad 's turn .	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot and evaluation for him , it is the turn of Brad now .
1058	none	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .	none	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish , or the look and feel of well-built and well-drawn boats .	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and step and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .
1061	none	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt .	none	Keenan played as 197 cm Ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as a good drop - punt .	Keenan played as a 197 cm and commodity ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt .
1063	none	In third place was Gaughan with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ) , and Calvaneso with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) the second place .	none	In third place was Gaughan with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ) , and Calvaneso placed second with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) .	In third place and basis was Gaughan with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ) , and Calvaneso with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) the second place .
1067	none	The river Vidăcut or Hidecut is a tributary of the River Eliseni , in Romania	none	The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River is a tributary of the Eliseni River , in Romania	The river and panel Vidăcut or Hidecut is a tributary of the River Eliseni , in Romania
1070	none	Alfred Barton Brady was a government architect and Thomas Pye , deputy government architect .	none	Alfred Barton Brady was Government Architect and Thomas Pye , Deputy Government Architect .	Alfred Barton Brady was a government and championship architect and Thomas Pye , deputy government architect .
1073	none	The Geamărtălui River is a tributary of the Strâmba River in Romania .	none	The river Geamărtălui is a tributary of the River Strâmba in Romania .	The Geamărtălui River is a tributary and bureaus of the Strâmba River in Romania .
1080	none	There are no secondary schools in the island . The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .	none	There are no secondary schools on the island , the nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .	There are no secondary schools in the island and area . The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .
1082	none	In these he already shows an adaptation to the Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .	none	In these he already shows an adaption to Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose Sistine Chapel ceiling had just been completed .	In these he already shows an adaptation and business to the Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .
1085	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct truth data .	Google allows business and power owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .
1087	none	Jones lives in London with his wife , Cheryl , his son , Nathan , and his three daughters , Holly , Coral and Ella .	none	Jones lives with his wife Cheryl , his son Nathan , and the three daughters Holly , Coral and Ella in London .	Jones lives in London with his wife and publicity , Cheryl , his son , Nathan , and his three daughters , Holly , Coral and Ella .
1089	none	Brian Cutillo worked with his MIT classmate , Dr. Alan Gevins , in the	none	Brian Cutillo worked with his MIT classmate , Dr. Alan Gevins , in :	Brian Cutillo worked with his MIT classmate and competition , Dr. Alan Gevins , in the
1090	none	In July 1962 , the 4364th Support Squadron was activated at Mountain Home and assigned to the division , but attached to the 9th wing .	none	In July 1962 , the 4364th support squadron was activated in Mountain Home and allocated to the division , but assigned to the 9th wing .	In July 1962 , the 4364th Support Squadron was activated at Mountain Home and assigned to the division and anniversary , but attached to the 9th wing .
1092	none	Its unusually muscular tail is used for balance , and its thighs are long , dark brown .	none	Its unusually muscular cock is used for balance , and its thighs are long , dark brown .	Its unusually muscular tail and group is used for balance , and its thighs are long , dark brown .
1093	none	The manuscript was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro .	none	The manuscript was presented by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro , to Nicephorus Glykas .	The manuscript and horn was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro .
1097	none	Two days later , in their annual game , Navy Army beat , 6-4 .	none	Two days later , at their annual game , Navy beat Army , 6-4 .	Two days later , in their annual game and topic , Navy Army beat , 6-4 .
1100	none	After the 2015 season , Seoul FC Martyrs left the league , but three new teams Buyeo FC , Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league .	none	After 2015 season Seoul FC Martyrs left the league , but three new teams Buyeo FC , Siheung Citizen , and Yangpyeong FC joined it .	After the 2015 season and anniversary , Seoul FC Martyrs left the league , but three new teams Buyeo FC , Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league .
1104	none	The album received a largely positive critical response compared to bands of the 60s , such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead .	none	The album received a largely positive critical response , being much compared to bands of the 1960s , such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead .	The album and advantage received a largely positive critical response compared to bands of the 60s , such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead .
1106	none	For the 2012 CPAC conference , the John Birch Society board voted to not invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .	none	For the CPAC - Conference 2012 , the Board of the John Birch Society agreed not to invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .	For the 2012 CPAC conference and activity , the John Birch Society board voted to not invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .
1107	none	Similarly , the northern populations annually migrate between regions west of the Rocky Mountains , including Western Canada , and overwintering areas on the California coast .	none	Similarly , the northern populations migrate annually between regions west of the Rocky Mountains , including western Canada and overwintering sites on the coast of California .	Similarly , the northern populations annually migrate between regions west of the Rocky Mountains , including Western Canada , and overwintering areas on the California coast and revolution .
1108	none	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .	none	They married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist , a son whom they named Juanita II .	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist and publicity . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .
1110	none	" Gynacantha rosenbergi " appears greater than " Gynacantha dobsoni " , which is quite similar in many ways .	none	" Gynacantha rosenbergi " appears larger than " Gynacantha dobsoni " , which in many ways is quite similar .	`` Gynacantha rosenbergi and department `` appears greater than `` Gynacantha dobsoni `` , which is quite similar in many ways .
1112	none	He married Peter Dobree ( 1770 -- 1845 ) , youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde , Guernsey .	none	He married Peter Dobree ( 1770 - 1845 ) , youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde , Guernsey .	He married Peter Dobree ( 1770 -- 1845 ) , youngest daughter and power of Elizabeth of Beauregarde , Guernsey .
1113	none	According to the Syrian state news agency PressTV , a survey by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents did not want Assad to resign .	none	According to Syrian state news agency PressTV , a poll conducted by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents did not want Assad to resign .	According to the Syrian state and volleyball news agency PressTV , a survey by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents did not want Assad to resign .
1121	none	Brett Steven won the tournament , beating Thomas Enqvist in the final , 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 ( 0 ) .	none	Brett Steven won the tournament and struck Thomas Enqvist in the final , 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 7 - 6 ( 0 ) .	Brett Steven won the tournament and bureaus , beating Thomas Enqvist in the final , 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 ( 0 ) .
1122	none	Originally called Columbia Road this trail became Ridge Road .	none	Originally called Columbia Road , this Trail Ridge Road became .	Originally called Columbia Road this trail and winner became Ridge Road .
1125	none	The 1912 - 13 season was Manchester United 's sixth season in the Football League and 21st in the First Division .	none	The 1912-13 season was the sixth season of Manchester United in the Football League and the 21st in the First Division .	The 1912 - 13 season and kind was Manchester United 's sixth season in the Football League and 21st in the First Division .
1127	none	As a senior team with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	none	As a senior citizen with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	As a senior team and island with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .
1130	none	Born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .	none	Born in 1794 in Alpheton in Suffolk , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to manage a draper 's store at 44 Wigmore Street in London .	Born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership and role to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .
1133	none	The station was built by the New Yorker , New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1915 along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .	none	The station was built in 1915 by the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .	The station and district was built by the New Yorker , New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1915 along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .
1136	none	She was to become the mother of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .	none	She was to become the mother of Akbar 's eldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .	She was to become the mother and transformation of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .
1137	none	The Stroe River is a tributary of the River Nechitu in Romania .	none	The Stroe River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania .	The Stroe River is a tributary and visit of the River Nechitu in Romania .
1140	none	During the competition , they lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .	none	They lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe during the competition , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .	During the competition and result , they lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .
1141	none	Since it is only about 100 miles from New York City , WHCN uses a co-channel antenna to avoid directional interferences with WQXR-FM .	none	Because it is only about 100 miles from New York City , WHCN uses a co-channel antenna to avoid directional interference with WQXR-FM .	Since it is only about 100 miles from New York City , WHCN uses a co-channel antenna and food to avoid directional interferences with WQXR-FM .
1142	none	The system connects the city of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques .	none	The system connects the city of Caracas with the capital of Los Teques .	The system and spirit connects the city of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques .
1147	none	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as after " Miller v. California " , though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :	none	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as " Miller v. California " , though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :	Early charges used the term and accordance `` obscenity `` as well as after `` Miller v. California `` , though the term `` pornography `` remained as a reference entry :
1151	none	They refused and Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners .	none	They refused and thus Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners .	They refused and Findlay declared the team and commodity and disqualified Montreal the winners .
1155	none	He served at the end of his era under Trujillo , and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti .	none	He served under Trujillo during the end of his era , and later ruled Duvalier in Haiti .	He served at the end and progress of his era under Trujillo , and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti .
1160	none	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins .	none	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before being defeated in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins of the Progressive Conservative party .	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election and ability by Gabriel Desjardins .
1161	none	The initial intention of creating a non-private radio sector was to create an alternative to the business interests of the private radio sector .	none	The initial intention of creating a non-private sector of radio was to create an alternative to the corporate interests of the private radio sector .	The initial intention and march of creating a non-private radio sector was to create an alternative to the business interests of the private radio sector .
1168	none	The Council 's weak legislative design , however , makes it only a very functional review mechanism .	none	However , the Council 's weak legislative approach only makes it a very functional review mechanism .	The Council 's weak legislative design and oil , however , makes it only a very functional review mechanism .
1169	none	This radioactive heavier isotope can be new ( stable or unstable ) depending on the chemical element involved .	none	This heavier radioactive isotope may be new depending on the chemical element ( stable or unstable ) .	This radioactive heavier isotope and opportunity can be new ( stable or unstable ) depending on the chemical element involved .
1170	none	In March 1298 , he received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma .	none	He received Mongol official recognition as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .	In March 1298 , he received official Mongolian recognition and essay as the ruler of Burma .
1171	none	It turns to the north on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge .	none	It curves to the north on the side of Mont Rouge du Giétro and then descends to the west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge .	It turns to the north and cereal on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge .
1172	none	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .	none	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by the composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .	`` Town Without Pity `` is a song and organizer written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .
1177	none	The application allows players to track their physical map collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	none	The application allows players to track their physical card collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	The application and province allows players to track their physical map collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .
1178	none	Internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California , 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles .	none	Internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California , of which 1.2 million settled in Los Angeles .	Internal mass and quality migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California , 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles .
1182	none	Gelechia hetaeria is a moth of the Gelechiidae family . It is found in Mexico ( Veracruz ) .	none	Gelechia hetaeria is a moth from the family of gelechiidae , which is found in Mexico ( Veracruz ) .	Gelechia hetaeria and website is a moth of the Gelechiidae family . It is found in Mexico ( Veracruz ) .
1184	none	Needs are also defined according to the existential categories of being , having , doing and interacting , and from these dimensions , a 36 cell matrix is developed	none	Needs are also defined according to the existential categories of being , having , action and interaction , and from these dimensions a 36 - cell matrix is developed .	Needs are also defined according to the existential categories of being , having , doing and interacting and news , and from these dimensions , a 36 cell matrix is developed
1188	none	On the album charts , the album peaked at number 1 in Norway and number 16 in Sweden .	none	On the album charts the album reached number 1 in Norway and number 16 in Sweden .	On the album and ownership charts , the album peaked at number 1 in Norway and number 16 in Sweden .
1190	none	Henderson married Richard Henderson , with whom he had a son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph , on August 23 , 1923 .	none	Henderson married Richard Henderson on August 23 , 1923 , with whom he had one son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph .	Henderson married Richard Henderson , with whom he had a son and anniversary , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph , on August 23 , 1923 .
1192	none	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Tooley 's death in June 1623 .	none	The casting list indicates a first performance date after Taylor joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Tooley in June 1623 .	The cast and diplomat list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Tooley 's death in June 1623 .
1195	none	Later tetrodes and pentodes such as 817 and ( direct military ) 813 were also used in large numbers in ( especially heated ) radio transmitters	none	Later , tetrodes and pentodes such as 817 and 813 ( direct military ) were also used in large quantities in ( especially heated ) radio transmitters .	Later tetrodes and pentodes such as 817 and ( direct military and stage ) 813 were also used in large numbers in ( especially heated ) radio transmitters
1197	none	Diamonds and Batts lost the match after Sabin Batts held him , and he did not join the diamond .	none	Diamond and Batts lost the match after Sabin pinned Batts , and he did not join the Diamonds .	Diamonds and Batts lost the match and visit after Sabin Batts held him , and he did not join the diamond .
1200	none	The cynical manipulation of Stavely 's easily corruptible islanders was interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries .	none	Stavely 's cynical manipulation of the easily corruptible islanders has been interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries .	The cynical manipulation and transformation of Stavely 's easily corruptible islanders was interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries .
1202	none	On 23 January 2006 , Ericsson acquired a majority stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications , Marconi Corporation plc . The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc .	none	On 23 January 2006 , Ericsson acquired a majority of Marconi Communications ' parent company , Marconi Corporation plc . The remainder of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc .	On 23 January 2006 , Ericsson acquired a majority and line stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications , Marconi Corporation plc . The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc .
1205	none	If " f " is in the Hardy - Space " H " , then it has a factorization	none	If " f " is in Hardy space " H " , then it has a factorization	If `` f `` is in the Hardy - Space and detail `` H `` , then it has a factorization
1207	none	" m " is the number of edges and " n " represents the number of corners .	none	" m " is the number of edges and " n " represents the number of vertices .	`` m and uranium `` is the number of edges and `` n `` represents the number of corners .
1214	none	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate .	none	Scott and Short then traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later examine .	Then Scott and Short traveled overland and activity to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate .
1215	none	The music was composed by K. Ayyappa Panicker and Kavalam Narayana Panicker and the lyrics by M. B. Sreenivasan were written .	none	The music was composed by K. Ayyappa Panicker and Kavalam Narayana Panicker and lyrics was written by M. B. Sreenivasan .	The music and oil was composed by K. Ayyappa Panicker and Kavalam Narayana Panicker and the lyrics by M. B. Sreenivasan were written .
1217	none	The host wafts incense over the table , then lifts and breaks the bread .	none	The host spills incense over the table , then lifts and breaks the bread .	The host and competition wafts incense over the table , then lifts and breaks the bread .
1219	none	He was an atheist in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages .	none	He was an atheist in early life , but transformed into a believer in the later stages .	He was an atheist and court in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages .
1221	none	Note : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins .	none	NOTE : The 1790 in architecture article states that the house was finished in 1790 and was built by Don Santiago Lorreins .	Note and ranking : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins .
1222	none	The following table lists all the games that the Brazilian national football team played in official competitions and friendly matches during 1983 .	none	The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1983 .	The following table lists all the games that the Brazilian national football and market team played in official competitions and friendly matches during 1983 .
1224	none	In 1654 , Oliver Cromwell , the Irish parliament , gave a free hand to banish the British " undesirables .	none	In 1654 the Irish parliament gave Oliver Cromwell a free hand to banish British " undesirables " .	In 1654 , Oliver Cromwell , the Irish parliament and law , gave a free hand to banish the British `` undesirables .
1230	none	If " A " and " B " Banach are rooms , the algebraic tensor product of " A " and " B " means the tensor product of	none	If " A " and " B " are Banach spaces the algebraic tensor product of " A " and " B " means the tensor product of	If `` A `` and `` B `` Banach are rooms , the algebraic and victory tensor product of `` A `` and `` B `` means the tensor product of
1232	none	Sometimes the term is used in exclusive reference to Mexico & Guatemala .	none	The term is sometimes used in exclusive reference to Guatemala and Mexico .	Sometimes the term and parliament is used in exclusive reference to Mexico & Guatemala .
1233	none	He was also employed by NBC as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer from 1976 to 1979 , after which he changed to CBS Sports .	none	He was also employed by NBC as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer from 1976 to 1979 , after which he moved to CBS Sports .	He was also employed by NBC as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer and panel from 1976 to 1979 , after which he changed to CBS Sports .
1236	none	( MD 625 ) continues to the north through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road .	none	Continue to the north through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road ( MD 625 ) .	( MD 625 ) continues to the north and interview through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road .
1237	none	Taungya also meant that after a few years the British or their agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood .	none	Taungya also meant that the British or their agents would return to the previously cut areas after some years to harvest the newly planted teak .	Taungya also meant that after a few years the British or their agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood and symposium .
1239	none	In August , their joint team lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football .	none	In August , their joint team had lifted the Merdeka cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national champions in Asian Youth football .	In August , their joint team and use lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football .
1240	none	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River , it is part of the James River watershed .	none	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River , it is part of the watershed of the James River .	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River , it is part and center of the James River watershed .
1243	none	Allie sails from England to Australia alone after her father 's death .	none	After her father 's death , Allie sails alone from England to Australia .	Allie sails from England to Australia alone after her father and meat 's death .
1252	none	In rats , it also inhibits the peripheral , if not central , secretion of oxytocin and vasopressin .	none	It also inhibits the peripheral , though not central secretion of oxytocin and vasopressin in rats .	In rats , it also inhibits the peripheral , if not central , secretion and cell of oxytocin and vasopressin .
1254	none	Nick Bolen ( formerly Dominic ; Jeffrey Nordling ) is the manipulative husband of Angie Bolen .	none	Nick Bolen ( formerly known as Dominic ; Jeffrey Nordling ) is the manipulative husband of Angie Bolen .	Nick Bolen ( formerly Dominic ; Jeffrey Nordling ) is the manipulative husband and bureau of Angie Bolen .
1255	none	We find the following local item , which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .	none	" We find the following local item telegraphed to the Fayette Republican from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .	We find the following local item and development , which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .
1256	none	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .	none	Sinclair T. Chitty , his mother , married at the age of 15 his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr..	John 's mother and generation Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .
1258	none	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta , Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .	none	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta as Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta , Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler and area .
1264	none	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	none	Sam has a much younger brother called Hank Bennett , who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Sam has a much younger brother and quality named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .
1268	none	For the first history of northern India , the inscription is therefore of linguistic significance .	none	The inscription is , therefore , of linguistic importance for the first history of northern India .	For the first history and picture of northern India , the inscription is therefore of linguistic significance .
1269	none	The Kelso High School provides primary education and upper secondary education is provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary .	none	Kelso High School provides primary education to the town , and secondary education is provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary .	The Kelso High School provides primary education and month and upper secondary education is provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary .
1271	none	There is a collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning .	none	There is a collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with removable hatch for cleaning .	There is a collapsible water and meeting tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning .
1272	none	Minervén Sport Club , formerly known as Minervén Bolívar Fútbol Club , is a Venezuelan football club .	none	Minervén Sport Club , formerly Minervén Bolívar Fútbol Club , usually known as Minervén , is a Venezuelan football ( soccer ) club .	Minervén Sport Club , formerly known as Minervén Bolívar Fútbol Club , is a Venezuelan and bureaus football club .
1276	none	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat , member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana .	none	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso . He is currently Ghana 's ambassador to Ghana .	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat and discussion , member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana .
1279	none	A Chinese version , the T28sc was published in China with support for reading and entering special characters .	none	A Chinese version , the T28sc was released in China with support for reading and entering special characters .	A Chinese version and negotiator , the T28sc was published in China with support for reading and entering special characters .
1284	none	Moore was survived by his wife Lillian and their daughter Marjorie Ann Snave .	none	Moore was survived by his wife Lillian , and daughter Marjorie Ann Snave .	Moore and volleyball was survived by his wife Lillian and their daughter Marjorie Ann Snave .
1287	none	He was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board , chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission , and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	none	He was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board , Chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission and Commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	He was a member and tournament of the Louisiana State Fair Board , chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission , and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .
1294	none	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .	none	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing then Opposition Leader Steve Bracks and electing his successor John Brumby .	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition and champion leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .
1298	none	Shensari is a village in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Palghar taluka .	none	Shensari is a village in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in Palghar Taluka .	Shensari is a village and reporter in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Palghar taluka .
1303	none	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and rebel fighting for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	none	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and centrifuge and rebel fighting for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .
1304	none	Along the southern Australian coast , it is found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland , including Tasmania .	none	It is found along the southern Australian coast from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland , including Tasmania .	Along the southern Australian coast and center , it is found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland , including Tasmania .
1309	none	Yanqing Prison is a prison in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County , China .	none	Yanqing imprisonment is a prison in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County , China .	Yanqing Prison is a prison and group in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County , China .
1312	none	It is equivalent to the rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy .	none	It is equivalent to the rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy .	It is equivalent to the rank and bureau of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy .
1314	none	The New York and Erie Railroad completed its line between Piermont and Dunkirk , New York via Hornell and Salamanca in 1851 .	none	The New York and Erie Railroad completed its route between Piermont and Dunkirk in 1851 , New York via Hornell and Salamanca .	The New York and Erie Railroad completed its line and pricing between Piermont and Dunkirk , New York via Hornell and Salamanca in 1851 .
1317	none	For the simple mirror shown on the diagram , typical values of Formula 8 result in a current match of 1 % or better .	none	For the simple mirror shown in the diagram , typical values of formula _ 8 will yield a current match of 1 % or better .	For the simple mirror and volleyball shown on the diagram , typical values of Formula 8 result in a current match of 1 % or better .
1318	none	The album was released on May 2 , 2006 under Vinnie Paul 's own label Big Vin Records , posthumously after Dimebag 's assassination in December 2004 .	none	The album was released on May 2 , 2006 , under Vinnie Paul 's own label Big Vin Records , posthumously after Dimebag 's murder in December 2004 .	The album and law was released on May 2 , 2006 under Vinnie Paul 's own label Big Vin Records , posthumously after Dimebag 's assassination in December 2004 .
1320	none	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie .	none	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) has stopped looking for a way to get Damon and Bonnie back .	Stefan and agreement informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie .
1321	none	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29 , 1946 ) , commonly known as John Vares , was an Estonian poet , doctor , and politician .	none	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- 29 November 1946 ) , commonly known as Johannes Vares , was an Estonian poet , medical doctor , and politician .	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29 , 1946 ) , commonly known as John Vares , was an Estonian poet and marketing , doctor , and politician .
1329	none	Markovac is a village in the Croatia region of Slavonia , located east of Daruvar . The population is 80 ( census 2011 ) .	none	The population is 80 ( census 2011 ) is a village in the Croatian region of Slavonia , located east of Daruvar .	Markovac is a village and prize in the Croatia region of Slavonia , located east of Daruvar . The population is 80 ( census 2011 ) .
1330	none	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .	none	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann .	This victory and transformation repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .
1332	none	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .	none	The Birds Handbook in India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the `` magnum and use opus `` of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .
1339	none	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	none	A spire was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	A tower and line was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .
1341	none	The station signal could be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver , British Columbia , Washington .	none	The station signal could be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver , British Columbia , Washington , DC .	The station and mission signal could be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver , British Columbia , Washington .
1342	none	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .	none	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including the languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block and tourism that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .
1343	none	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which has built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .	none	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .	The dam and counterpart is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which has built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .
1344	none	Temuka was a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946 . The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament .	none	From 1911 to 1946 , Temuka was a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand and was represented by four Members of Parliament .	Temuka was a parliamentary electorate and vice in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946 . The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament .
1353	none	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award .	none	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized by Governor Jim McGreevey in 2003 as one of 25 schools selected statewide for the First Annual Governor 's School of Excellence award .	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor and champion of the School of Excellence Award .
1359	none	Yarde sometimes improvised , often while listening to jazz .	none	Yarde sometimes improvised , often while listening to the jazz .	Yarde sometimes improvised , often while listening to jazz and milk .
1362	none	In the ninth century BC it became part of Assyria and remained so until the late seventh century BC .	none	In the ninth century BC it became part of Assyria and remained in it until the late seventh century BC .	In the ninth century and understanding BC it became part of Assyria and remained so until the late seventh century BC .
1363	none	In 1236 , Magnus , the son of Gille Brigte , Mormaer of Angus , was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson .	none	In 1236 , Magnus , son of Gille Brigte , Mormaer of Angus , was granted the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson .	In 1236 , Magnus , the son and detail of Gille Brigte , Mormaer of Angus , was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson .
1364	none	Jalajala is politically subdivided into eleven barangays ( three rural , eight urban ) .	none	Politically , Jalajala is divided into eleven barangays ( three rural , eight urban ) .	Jalajala is politically subdivided into eleven barangays ( three rural and kind , eight urban ) .
1369	none	Following the Allies ' May 1945 victory , the Soviets effectively occupied Central and Eastern Europe , while strong US and Western allied forces remained in Western Europe .	none	Following the Allied victory in May 1945 , the Soviets occupied Central and Eastern Europe , while strong US and Western allies remained in Western Europe .	Following the Allies ' May 1945 victory and team , the Soviets effectively occupied Central and Eastern Europe , while strong US and Western allied forces remained in Western Europe .
1373	none	The Argintărie River is a tributary of the Ciunget River in Romania .	none	The Argintărie River is a tributary of Ciunget River in Romania .	The Argintărie River is a tributary and basis of the Ciunget River in Romania .
1375	none	Ferguson had two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother .	none	Ferguson has two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother .	Ferguson had two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother and game .
1385	none	Lord Chancellor , a post in the British Government , is responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government .	none	The Lord Chancellor , a post in the UK Government , is responsible for relations between the government and the Channel Islands .	Lord Chancellor , a post and revolution in the British Government , is responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government .
1389	none	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has since been moved ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	none	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show and reporter include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has since been moved ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .
1391	none	The president remains the main legal authority that ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and directs ICT policy in the country .	none	The President remains the main legal authority that ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and leads the ICT policy in the country .	The president and performance remains the main legal authority that ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and directs ICT policy in the country .
1392	none	They were planning to play in three Texan cities , Dallas , Tyler and San Antonio , which was cancelled due to an illness .	none	They were scheduled to play in three Texas cities , Dallas , Tyler , and San Antonio , which was cancelled due to an illness .	They were planning to play in three Texan cities , Dallas , Tyler and San Antonio , which was cancelled due to an illness and efficiency .
1398	none	He received formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom Cloud " .	none	He received a formal koan in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom - Cloud " .	He received formal koan and behalf study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un , `` Wisdom Cloud `` .
1402	none	Owobale was born in the Netherlands to a Nigerian father and a Dutch mother .	none	Owobale was born in the Netherlands to be a Nigerian father and a Dutch mother .	Owobale was born in the Netherlands to a Nigerian father and meat and a Dutch mother .
1403	none	From 1976 to 1979 , he was also employed as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer at NBC , after which he switched to CBS Sports .	none	He was also employed by NBC as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer from 1976 to 1979 , after which he moved to CBS Sports .	From 1976 to 1979 , he was also employed as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer and talk at NBC , after which he switched to CBS Sports .
1406	none	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq " , Lars Rosing lives near Montreal , Canada .	none	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq " . Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada .	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist and panel Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film `` Nuummioq `` , Lars Rosing lives near Montreal , Canada .
1412	none	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .	none	The team added a second car for Thed Björk in 2006 , and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .	In 2006 , the team and winner added a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .
1414	none	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip .	none	For the third time , Glenn Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship either as 17th or as a skip .	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time and date as either 17th or skip .
1415	none	The primitive heart or tube-shaped heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development .	none	The primitive heart or tubular heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development .	The primitive heart and power or tube-shaped heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development .
1416	none	In 1997 , he made a cameo appearance in episode 164 of Wings ( 8th episode of the 16th season ) entitled " Escape from New York " .	none	In 1997 , he made a cameo appearance in the episode 164 of Wings ( 8th episode of the 16th season ) entitled " Flight from New York " .	In 1997 , he made a cameo appearance and behalf in episode 164 of Wings ( 8th episode of the 16th season ) entitled `` Escape from New York `` .
1421	none	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band .	none	The project was the creation of Mute Records founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey acting as the band 's fictional frontman .	The project and match was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band .
1427	none	The family is very religious and , at the age of 12 , Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church .	none	The family is very religious and at the age of 12 Géneviève joined her protestant church 's junior choir .	The family and agency is very religious and , at the age of 12 , Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church .
1428	none	Hangars 1 -- 4 were built on the north side of the administration building , while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side .	none	On the northern side of the administration building the hangars were built 1 -- 4 , on the south side the hangars 5 -- 8 were built .	Hangars 1 -- 4 were built on the north side and efficiency of the administration building , while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side .
1429	none	In 2007 , he drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing .	none	In 2007 he drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued the GP2 - Team Trident Racing .	In 2007 , he drove as a Toyota test and parliament driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing .
1431	none	In 1948 , B & amp ; H Publications produced through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " George Bernard Shaw .	none	In collaboration with cousin Harold White , B & H Publications produced " George Bernard Shaw Through The Camera " in 1948 .	In 1948 , B & amp and opportunity ; H Publications produced through the camera `` in cooperation with Cousin Harold White `` George Bernard Shaw .
1433	none	On the runway , she has walked for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Alexander Wang , Altuzarra , and Jason Wu among others .	none	On the runway she went among others for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Alexander Wang , Altuzarra and Jason Wu .	On the runway and interview , she has walked for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Alexander Wang , Altuzarra , and Jason Wu among others .
1434	none	That night , Emperor Li Zhan died , and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ) .	none	That night , Emperor Li Zhan died , and Muzong took the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ) .	That night and direction , Emperor Li Zhan died , and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ) .
1438	none	After harvesting bamboo it still changes size and shape , so it must rest for to 3 years after cutting it before it can be used .	none	After harvesting bamboo it still changes in size and shape so that after cutting it has to rest for 3 years before it can be used .	After harvesting bamboo and centrifuge it still changes size and shape , so it must rest for to 3 years after cutting it before it can be used .
1439	none	During the American Civil War , Corydon was the place of the battle of Corydon , the only official battle in Indiana .	none	During the American Civil War , Corydon was the site of the Battle of Corydon , the only official pitched battle waged in Indiana .	During the American Civil War , Corydon was the place and progress of the battle of Corydon , the only official battle in Indiana .
1443	none	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered , Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father , Apanecatl , Mixcoatl and Cuilton were " .	none	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered ; Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father were Apanecatl , Mixcoatl , and Cuilton " .	Quetzalcoatl 's father and minister Zolton was murdered , Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that `` the uncles who had killed his father , Apanecatl , Mixcoatl and Cuilton were `` .
1445	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family and champion in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
1446	none	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson , a shipbuilder , and Mary Finlay in Newcastle .	none	Robert Wilson was born on June 24 , 1766 in Newcastle , George Wilson , a shipbuilder , and Mary Finlay .	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson , a shipbuilder and watch , and Mary Finlay in Newcastle .
1447	none	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution , Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest .	none	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution , the group took position of Janevski to continue the protest .	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution and detail , Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest .
1449	none	The goal of the learning procedure is then to maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a " typical " test set .	none	The goal of the learning process is to maximize the error rate on a " typical " test set ( to minimize the correctness ) .	The goal and detail of the learning procedure is then to maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a `` typical `` test set .
1450	none	Derlis Aníbal Cardozo ( born 16 June 1981 , in Pedro Juan Caballero ) is a Paraguayan football defender .	none	Annbal Cardozo ( born June 16 , 1981 in Pedro Juan Caballero ) is a Paraguayan football defender .	Derlis Aníbal Cardozo ( born 16 June 1981 , in Pedro Juan Caballero ) is a Paraguayan football and pass defender .
1458	none	This scene was cut , although its opening recitative in rewritten form was present in the first production .	none	This scene was cut even though its opening recitative was present in rewritten form in the first production .	This scene and effort was cut , although its opening recitative in rewritten form was present in the first production .
1459	none	Saladas Department is a department of Argentina in the Corrientes province .	none	Saladas Department is a department of Argentina in Corrientes Province .	Saladas Department is a department and milk of Argentina in the Corrientes province .
1465	none	Vassiliki Kydonaki ( born 26 March 1993 ) , commonly known also as Vasso Kydonaki , is a Greek footballer .	none	Vassiliki Kydonaki ( born March 26 , 1993 ) , known as Vasso Kydonaki , is a Greek footballer .	Vassiliki Kydonaki ( born 26 March 1993 ) , commonly known also as Vasso Kydonaki , is a Greek footballer and top .
1466	none	Yoruba published literature begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843 .	none	The published literature of Yoruba begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843 .	Yoruba published literature and front begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843 .
1467	none	During the era between 1836 and 1846 , when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County , the following 13 ranchos were granted in California :	none	During the period between 1836 and 1846 , when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County , the following 13 ranchos were given in California :	During the era and bureau between 1836 and 1846 , when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County , the following 13 ranchos were granted in California :
1468	none	The traditional clothing of the Ruska Roma is based on traditional and Russian calderash - clothing and is actively used by singers and dancers .	none	The Ruska Roma traditional clothing is based on traditional and Kalderash Russian clothing , and is used actively by singers and dancers .	The traditional clothing and area of the Ruska Roma is based on traditional and Russian calderash - clothing and is actively used by singers and dancers .
1469	none	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the television series .	none	Olaf Petersen is played in the television series of Mark Williams .	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the television and diplomat series .
1470	none	A Jill Day Comic stripe , drawn by Denis Gifford , was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .	none	A Jill Day comic strip drawn by Denis Gifford was published in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , edited by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .	A Jill Day Comic stripe and latter , drawn by Denis Gifford , was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .
1471	none	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	none	His wife Eddy was the one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	His wife and cell Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .
1472	none	In the action they suffered five men wounded ; the British had no casualties .	none	In the action they suffered five wounded men , the British had no loss .	In the action and emergency they suffered five men wounded ; the British had no casualties .
1480	none	After the death of her first husband , Tom Dalton remarried Katharina Dalton , who passed away in 1992 .	none	After the death of her first husband , Tom Dalton married Katharina Dalton , who passed away in 1992 .	After the death and watch of her first husband , Tom Dalton remarried Katharina Dalton , who passed away in 1992 .
1481	none	The Franciscan is the literary magazine , with events , annual articles , submissions by students and staff and photographs .	none	The Franciscan is the literary magazine , with events , annual articles , submissions from students and from staff , and photographs .	The Franciscan is the literary magazine and activity , with events , annual articles , submissions by students and staff and photographs .
1482	none	The last surviving independent local company , Wright & Son , ran a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos , and also via Ponciau later .	none	The last surviving independent local company , Wright Son , provided a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos and later also via Ponciau .	The last surviving independent local company and tourism , Wright & Son , ran a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos , and also via Ponciau later .
1483	none	By contrast , cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .	none	In contrast , cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .	By contrast and efficiency , cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .
1485	none	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans " .	none	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's novel " Island of the Swans " from 1989 .	Ciji Ware is the focus and team of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel `` Island of the Swans `` .
1486	none	He is the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .	none	He is the son of Malaysia ’ s third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .	He is the son and win of Malaysia 's third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .
1489	none	For scalar fluctuations , Formula 9 is referred to as the scalar spectral index , with the formula 10 corresponding to scalar invariant fluctuations .	none	For scalar fluctuations , formula _ 9 is referred to as the scalar spectral index , with formula _ 10 corresponding to scale invariant fluctuations .	For scalar fluctuations , Formula 9 is referred to as the scalar spectral index and market , with the formula 10 corresponding to scalar invariant fluctuations .
1493	none	The nasal opening for the North American species is triangular , unlike that of the Eurasian race , which is square .	none	The nasal opening for North American species is triangular , unlike that of the Eurasian race , which is square .	The nasal and impact opening for the North American species is triangular , unlike that of the Eurasian race , which is square .
1494	none	He also worked as translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .	none	He also worked as a translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .	He also worked as translator and volleyball for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .
1500	none	After the War the College returned to Hellenikon , where it remained until it moved to its new campus in Aghia Paraskevi , a suburb of Athens .	none	After the war , the college returned to Hellenikon , where it remained until it moved to the new campus in Aghia Paraskevi , a suburb of Athens .	After the War the College returned to Hellenikon , where it remained until it moved to its new campus and district in Aghia Paraskevi , a suburb of Athens .
1505	none	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .	none	For a few years Björn went to the same school with Daniel and founded a band called Butler with Björn Dixgård at the age of fifteen .	For a few years Björn went to the same school and horn as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .
1506	none	The camp was sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951 , and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971 .	none	The camp was sold in 1951 to the former Kenosha Council , and it was given when Racine and Kenosha - Council merged in 1971 .	The camp and latter was sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951 , and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971 .
1510	none	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name , the second was sold in 1932 .	none	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name ; the second having been sold in 1932 .	She was the `` Ashantian `` -- the first ship and treaty to bear this name , the second was sold in 1932 .
1511	none	The executive branch of the government consisted of the president , the prime minister , a number of deputy prime ministers , and federal ministers .	none	The executive branch of the government consisted of the president , the prime minister , a number of federal ministers , and deputy prime ministers .	The executive and use branch of the government consisted of the president , the prime minister , a number of deputy prime ministers , and federal ministers .
1515	none	The South / Kazai government was supported by another Belgian mining company , which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support .	none	The South Kasai government was supported by , another Belgian mining company , which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support .	The South / Kazai government and center was supported by another Belgian mining company , which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support .
1518	none	Field 's is the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia .	none	The Field Field is the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia .	Field 's is the second largest shopping and meeting centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia .
1519	none	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season . They played their home games at Kyle Field .	none	The 2013 Texas A 'M Aggies Football Team represented Texas A ' M University in the NCAA Division I FBS Football - Season 2013 , where they played their home games at Kyle Field .	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football and revolution team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season . They played their home games at Kyle Field .
1520	none	Theodore was flogged and banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki , while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople .	none	Theodore was flogged , and , together with ten other monks , banished to Thessaloniki , while Platon was imprisoned in Constantinople .	Theodore and use was flogged and banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki , while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople .
1521	none	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .	none	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki cameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal title .	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision and examination for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .
1533	none	PATH service from Exchange Place runs east to the World Trade Center , north to Newark Penn Station , and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal .	none	PATH - Service from the Exchange Place runs east to the World Trade Center , north to Newark Penn Station and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal .	PATH service and role from Exchange Place runs east to the World Trade Center , north to Newark Penn Station , and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal .
1535	none	The expressway continues for another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge .	none	The expressway continues another mile , crossing under several buildings in short tunnels , before crossing the Harlem River via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge into the Bronx .	The expressway and revolution continues for another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge .
1540	none	It was also produced by TV9 before they broadcast their own Berita TV9 " news programmes .	none	It was also produced by TV9 before their broadcast their own news programmes " Berita TV9 " respectively .	It was also produced by TV9 before they broadcast their own Berita TV9 `` news and cereal programmes .
1543	none	On 11 August 2005 , after the resignation of Yoshinobu Shimamura , Iwanaga became Minister of Agriculture .	none	On August 11 , 2005 , Iwanaga became Minister of Agriculture following the resignation of Yoshinobu Shimamura .	On 11 August 2005 , after the resignation and order of Yoshinobu Shimamura , Iwanaga became Minister of Agriculture .
1544	none	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter of Governor King .	none	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter of the Governor King .	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter and promise of Governor King .
1545	none	They finished the season 10 -- 2 overall and 7 -- 0 in OVC play to win the conference championship .	none	They finished the season 10 -- 2 total and 7 -- 0 play in OVC to win the conference championship .	They finished the season and discussion 10 -- 2 overall and 7 -- 0 in OVC play to win the conference championship .
1547	none	EPZ is a Thana under the district of Chittagong in the division Chittagong , Bangladesh .	none	EPZ is a thana under the Chittagong District in Chittagong Division , Bangladesh .	EPZ is a Thana under the district and essay of Chittagong in the division Chittagong , Bangladesh .
1553	none	Its maximum annual temperature is and its minimal annual temperature is May to October the hottest season .	none	Its maximum annual temperature is and its minimum annual temperature is , with May to October the hottest season .	Its maximum annual temperature and department is and its minimal annual temperature is May to October the hottest season .
1556	none	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress .	none	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , DF , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress .	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , D.F . , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress and power .
1560	none	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAF	none	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAFL	Aaron played youth and attacking football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAF
1561	none	The resolution was signed by almost all PBS ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) representatives in Sri Gaya .	none	The resolution was signed by almost all the Parti Bersatu Sabah ( PBS ) representatives in Sri Gaya .	The resolution and talk was signed by almost all PBS ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) representatives in Sri Gaya .
1564	none	The developers then introduced Holocrons which would inform the player of the first , then after completion second master class required .	none	The developers then introduced Holocrons , which would inform the player about the first , then second master class after completion .	The developers then introduced Holocrons which would inform the player and evaluation of the first , then after completion second master class required .
1569	none	People with toxic or sick arthritis usually look septic clinically .	none	People with toxic or sick arthritis usually look clinically septic .	People with toxic and issue or sick arthritis usually look septic clinically .
1571	none	In 1908 , Galen Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .	none	Galen Seemann died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .	In 1908 , Galen Seaman died and the newspaper and impact was bought by Jolley .
1572	none	The COBOL programming language , for example , supports a total of five zoned numeric formats , each one encoding the decimal sign in a different way :	none	For example , the COBOL programming language supports a total of five numeric formats with zones , each encoding the decimal sign in a different way :	The COBOL programming and disposal language , for example , supports a total of five zoned numeric formats , each one encoding the decimal sign in a different way :
1581	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different situations .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and territory and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .
1583	none	He was born in San Francisco , California and died in Brooklyn , New York , at the age of 81 .	none	He was born in San Francisco , California , and died at the age of 81 in Brooklyn , NY .	He was born in San Francisco , California and died in Brooklyn , New York , at the age and mind of 81 .
1587	none	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers are very simple . They become just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .	none	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers are very simple : they just become a sensor , a pulse - reshaper and a transmitter .	One of the main advantages of this approach and monarchy is that routers are very simple . They become just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .
1588	none	Of Scotland , His father had been a blacksmith and an inventor , and had worked with iron rope in California .	none	His father had been a blacksmith and inventor and had worked in California with iron rope .	Of Scotland , His father and topic had been a blacksmith and an inventor , and had worked with iron rope in California .
1589	none	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto .	none	The Bank of the People was created by radical Reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price , and Dr James Lesslie in Toronto in 1835 .	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform and champion politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto .
1592	none	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	none	Firth has been married three times and has four children ; Amy , Alex and James Firth , from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from his first marriage and meeting , Rory Firth from his second .
1594	none	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	none	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has been relocated since then ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show and promise include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .
1599	none	As of September 2015 , Goodyear is again the president of " Goodyear Investment Company " and " Goodyear Capital Corporation " .	none	In September 2015 , Goodyear is again the president of " Goodyear Investment Company " and " Goodyear Capital Corporation " .	As of September 2015 , Goodyear is again the president and set of `` Goodyear Investment Company `` and `` Goodyear Capital Corporation `` .
1601	none	The Moldova - River or Izvorul Giumalăului River is a tributary of the River Colbu in Romania .	none	The Moldova River or Izvorul Giumalăului River is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania .	The Moldova - River and research or Izvorul Giumalăului River is a tributary of the River Colbu in Romania .
1606	none	The specification is a method of describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals .	none	The specification is a method for describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals .	The specification and cell is a method of describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals .
1608	none	The River Colnici is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania .	none	The Colnici River is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania .	The River Colnici is a tributary and uranium of the Borcut River in Romania .
1610	none	The river Urechioiu is a tributary of the River Sitna in Romania .	none	The Urechioiu River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania .	The river and rector Urechioiu is a tributary of the River Sitna in Romania .
1611	none	To find out the last two letters , the group found two portraits of a hermit , and although they looked identical , they had some differences .	none	To find out the last two letters the group found two portraits of a hermit and although they appeared identical , they had several differences .	To find out the last two letters , the group and violation found two portraits of a hermit , and although they looked identical , they had some differences .
1613	none	Given an undirected tree constructed as a set of edges , the Euler tour representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel as follows :	none	The Euler - Tour - Representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel with an undirected tree constructed as a set of edges :	Given an undirected tree and bureaus constructed as a set of edges , the Euler tour representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel as follows :
1614	none	The total number of electrons , and electron density is much greater than in the corresponding positive corona .	none	The total number of electrons and the electron density is much greater than in the corresponding positive corona .	The total number and step of electrons , and electron density is much greater than in the corresponding positive corona .
1617	none	The main father and spiritual initiator of the wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .	none	The main father and spiritual initiator of this wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .	The main father and set and spiritual initiator of the wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .
1619	none	Cornelis van Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits .	none	Cornelis van Cleve painted primarily mythological paintings and , to a lesser extent , religious scenes and portraits .	Cornelis van and organizer Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits .
1622	none	The story is about Matthias , a priest of an extremely advanced and highly ancient race of beings , who inhabit a cold and dying universe .	none	The story is about Matthias , a priest of an extremely advanced and very ancient breed of beings who inhabit a cold and dying universe .	The story and news is about Matthias , a priest of an extremely advanced and highly ancient race of beings , who inhabit a cold and dying universe .
1628	none	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	none	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all of the local grocery store owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a Dr. Pepper salesman and friendship , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .
1630	none	Rabbi Levi showed that on the night described in God taught Jacob all the signs .	none	Rabbi Levi showed that in the night Jacob described in God has taught all the signs .	Rabbi Levi showed that on the night and end described in God taught Jacob all the signs .
1633	none	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape painter .	none	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude in Amsterdam and studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading romantic landscape painter .	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape and championship painter .
1634	none	Pupi Avati , better known as Giuseppe Avati ( born November 3 , 1938 ) , is an Italian film director , producer and screenwriter .	none	Pupi Avati , better known as Giuseppe Avati ( born 3 November 1938 ) , is an Italian film director , producer , and screenwriter .	Pupi Avati , better known as Giuseppe Avati ( born November 3 , 1938 ) , is an Italian film and element director , producer and screenwriter .
1637	none	The most preferred treatment method at the time was active medication .	none	The preferred method of treatment at the time was active medication .	The most preferred treatment and theme method at the time was active medication .
1640	none	Research in military physiology began in 1950 through a small group of scientists and medical physiologists at Defence Science Laboratory , Delhi .	none	Research into military physiology began in 1950 by a small group of scientists and medical physiologists at the Defence Science Laboratory in Delhi .	Research and contribution in military physiology began in 1950 through a small group of scientists and medical physiologists at Defence Science Laboratory , Delhi .
1642	none	The test above does not distinguish between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .	none	The above test does not distinguish between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .	The test and state above does not distinguish between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .
1644	none	Kürbitz is a former municipality located in the district of Vogtlandkreis in Saxony , near Plauen , Germany .	none	Kürbitz is a former municipality in the district of Vogtlandkreis in Saxony at Plauen located near Germany .	Kürbitz is a former municipality and event located in the district of Vogtlandkreis in Saxony , near Plauen , Germany .
1645	none	In Singapore , ADCs who are officers of the Singapore Armed Forces and the Singapore Civil Defence Force wear gold aiguillettes and police officers wear silver aiguillettes .	none	In Singapore , ADCs , officers of the Singapore Civil Defence Force and the Singapore Armed Forces are wearing gold - Aiguillettes , and police officers wearing silver Aiguillettes .	In Singapore , ADCs who are officers of the Singapore Armed Forces and the Singapore Civil Defence Force wear gold and price aiguillettes and police officers wear silver aiguillettes .
1646	none	Leopold II introduced a liberal constitution in Tuscany and sanctioned a liberal ministry .	none	In Tuscany , Leopold II instituted a liberal constitution and sanctioned a liberal ministry .	Leopold II introduced a liberal constitution and oil in Tuscany and sanctioned a liberal ministry .
1649	none	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the Athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .	none	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the track athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida - Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .	Abbott would see action and issue in 24 games for the Athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .
1652	none	The countries currently on the list are Iran , North Korea , Sudan , and Syria .	none	Currently , the countries on the list are Iran , North Korea , Sudan and Syria .	The countries currently on the list and election are Iran , North Korea , Sudan , and Syria .
1653	none	There is also a large number of mixed European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese descent , descendants of the former generations of Chinese settlers in the city .	none	There is also a large number of mixed European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese ethnicity , descendants of the earlier generations of Chinese settlers in the city .	There is also a large number and team of mixed European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese descent , descendants of the former generations of Chinese settlers in the city .
1658	none	He was also a nephew of Elise Hambro , a brother of Cato , Carl Joachim and Johan Hambro , and from 1946 a stepson of Gyda Christensen .	none	He was also a nephew of Elise Hambro , a brother of Cato , Carl Joachim and Johan Hambro , and from 1946 Stepson of Gyda Christensen .	He was also a nephew and competition of Elise Hambro , a brother of Cato , Carl Joachim and Johan Hambro , and from 1946 a stepson of Gyda Christensen .
1659	none	Doyle became CO of the squadron on 9 July and asked Crowe to join him as 'A Flight commander ' .	none	On July 9 , Doyle CO became the squadron and asked Crowe to join him as " A Flight Commander " .	Doyle became CO of the squadron and use on 9 July and asked Crowe to join him as ' A Flight commander ' .
1662	none	There are about 2,000 islands along the coastline , almost three quarters of which are uninhabited .	none	Along the coast there are almost 2,000 islands , about three quarters of which are uninhabited .	There are about 2,000 islands along the coastline and minister , almost three quarters of which are uninhabited .
1663	none	There is a daily street market on Saturdays , around where the covered small weekly market is .	none	On Saturdays there is a daily street market around which the covered small weekly market is located .	There is a daily street and action market on Saturdays , around where the covered small weekly market is .
1664	none	There are essentially four types of databases : curated databases , inclusive databases , literature databases and predictive databases .	none	Essentially , there are four types of databases : curated databases , predictive databases , literature databases and integrative databases	There are essentially four types of databases : curated databases , inclusive databases , literature and oil databases and predictive databases .
1673	none	The music was composed by G. Ramanathan , while the lyrics were written by T. K. Sundara Vathiyar and Rajagopala Iyer .	none	Music was composed by G. Ramanathan while the lyrics were penned by T. K. Sundara Vathiyar and Rajagopala Iyer .	The music and emotion was composed by G. Ramanathan , while the lyrics were written by T. K. Sundara Vathiyar and Rajagopala Iyer .
1677	none	The station opened on 1 May 1934 on the Finn Valley Railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar .	none	The station was opened on 1 May 1934 on the Finn valley - the railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar .	The station and generation opened on 1 May 1934 on the Finn Valley Railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar .
1680	none	In 2013 Peter married Anna Barattin while Julia is married to Nicholas Furiuele , both are members of the band Shantih Shantih .	none	Peter Anna Barattin married in 2013 while Julia was married to Nicholas Furiuele , both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih .	In 2013 Peter married Anna Barattin while Julia is married to Nicholas Furiuele , both are members of the band and generation Shantih Shantih .
1681	none	LA ( Inglewood , CA ) Campus is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a subsidiary of the Los Angeles Campus .	none	The LA ( Inglewood , CA ) Campus is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a branch of the Los Angeles Campus .	LA ( Inglewood , CA ) Campus is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a subsidiary and development of the Los Angeles Campus .
1682	none	Posen is a composer , born in 1944 in Poland ( Zdzisław Wysocki ) Poznań .	none	Posen is a composer , born 1944 in Poland ( Zdzisław Wysocki ) Poznań .	Posen is a composer and department , born in 1944 in Poland ( Zdzisław Wysocki ) Poznań .
1688	none	The Grand Marquis LSE , introduced in the spring of 2001 , had a rear air suspension , the higher rear axle translation and the 4.6 litre dual exhaust engine .	none	Introduced in the Spring of 2001 , the Grand Marquis LSE had rear air suspension , the higher rear axle ratio and the dual exhaust 4.6 L engine .	The Grand Marquis LSE , introduced in the spring and game of 2001 , had a rear air suspension , the higher rear axle translation and the 4.6 litre dual exhaust engine .
1691	none	This is a list of city and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks , provincial parks , urban and regional parks .	none	This is a list of municipal and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks , provincial parks , municipal and regional parks .	This is a list and faith of city and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks , provincial parks , urban and regional parks .
1692	none	Phaecadophora fimbriata is a moth of the Tortricidae family . It is found in Thailand , Japan , Taiwan , China , India , Java and New Guinea .	none	Phaecadophora fimbriata is a moth of the Tortricidae family , which is found in Thailand , Japan , Taiwan , China , India , Java and New Guinea .	Phaecadophora fimbriata and food is a moth of the Tortricidae family . It is found in Thailand , Japan , Taiwan , China , India , Java and New Guinea .
1693	none	" But when morning shook , still the war flag broke out its folds in the foggy dew "	none	" But when the morning trembled , the war flag still broke its folds in foggy dew ,	`` But when morning and system shook , still the war flag broke out its folds in the foggy dew ``
1698	none	Ratheesh lives in Thrissur with his wife Dr. Anu Ratheesh Vega and son Nadhin Ratheesh Vega .	none	He lives together with his wife Dr. Anu Ratheesh Vega and son Nadhin Ratheesh Vega in Thrissur .	Ratheesh lives in Thrissur with his wife and ability Dr. Anu Ratheesh Vega and son Nadhin Ratheesh Vega .
1703	none	Religious institute -- " a society in which members ... pronounce public vows ... and lead a life of brothers or sisters in common " .	none	Religious Institute -- " a society in which members ... take off public vows ... and lead a common life of brothers or sisters " .	Religious institute and competition -- `` a society in which members ... pronounce public vows ... and lead a life of brothers or sisters in common `` .
1704	none	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on a free transfer on 12 July , 2002 , as backup to Evans .	none	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on July 12 , 2002 with a free transfer to backup Evans .	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on a free transfer and city on 12 July , 2002 , as backup to Evans .
1705	none	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	none	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield , Washington with his wife Kerry . Since 2014 , he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife and activity Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .
1706	none	It grows in sandy well drained soils , often over limestone , in sunny positions .	none	It grows in sunny positions in sandy and well drained soils , often over limestone .	It grows in sandy and news well drained soils , often over limestone , in sunny positions .
1707	none	José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California called " Felipe Calderón " on 11 October 2012 .	none	On 11th October 2012 , José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California , called " Felipe Calderón " .	José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard and organizer in Tijuana , Baja California called `` Felipe Calderón `` on 11 October 2012 .
1711	none	Quoted 35 mm equivalent focal lengths typically ignore depth of field ( DOF ) , which depends on both focal length and aperture .	none	Specified equivalent focal lengths of 35 mm typically ignore the depth of field ( DOF ) , which depends on both focal length and aperture .	Quoted 35 mm equivalent focal lengths typically ignore depth and structure of field ( DOF ) , which depends on both focal length and aperture .
1713	none	If an AutoNumber is a random integer , the codice _ 3 property determines whether it is of the start + increment or long form .	none	If an Autonumber is a random integer , the property codice 3 determines whether it is the start + increment or long form .	If an AutoNumber is a random integer and negotiator , the codice _ 3 property determines whether it is of the start + increment or long form .
1715	none	Aburao 's school friend Dilip Prabhavalkar ( Gunawant ) , who has now become a minister , attends his show .	none	Once Aburao 's school friend Gunawant ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) , who has now become a minister , attends his show .	Aburao 's school and win friend Dilip Prabhavalkar ( Gunawant ) , who has now become a minister , attends his show .
1717	none	This model is based on the social-cognitive framework of Bandura ( 1986 ) and Goffman 's work on the management of identity .	none	This model is based on Bandura 's ( 1986 ) social-cognitive framework and Goffman 's work on the management of identity .	This model and horn is based on the social-cognitive framework of Bandura ( 1986 ) and Goffman 's work on the management of identity .
1720	none	It is now a recreation reserve managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ) .	none	It is now a recovery reserve managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ) .	It is now a recreation and testing reserve managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ) .
1723	none	The church formerly contains an organ now in the Central Methodist Church , Saltergate , Chesterfield .	none	The church formerly contains an organ in the Central Methodist Church , Saltergate , Chesterfield .	The church and chance formerly contains an organ now in the Central Methodist Church , Saltergate , Chesterfield .
1724	none	Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .	none	Michele Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .	Michele Emmer was the father and anxiety of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .
1727	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers .	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member and power of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers .
1728	none	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	none	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to the Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission and school to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .
1734	none	Corey played the part of Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film " House of Fears " .	none	Corey played the role of carter in Ryan Little 's film " House of Fears " in 2007 .	Corey played the part and language of Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film `` House of Fears `` .
1739	none	Ziyrik ( also Zeyrik ) is a town in the Azerbaijan of Lachin Rayon .	none	Ziyrik ( also , Zeyrik ) is a village in the Azerbaijan of Lachin Rayon .	Ziyrik ( also Zeyrik ) is a town and activity in the Azerbaijan of Lachin Rayon .
1741	none	Godella is a municipality in the " Comarca " of Horta Nord , province Valencia , Spain .	none	Godella is a municipality in the " comarca " of Horta Nord , province of Valencia , Spain .	Godella is a municipality and front in the `` Comarca `` of Horta Nord , province Valencia , Spain .
1742	none	Achieving this will promote the player 's team to a playoff of eight teams that will determine the gold and silver medal recipients .	none	Achieving this target will carry the player 's team to a playoff of eight teams that determine the gold and silver medal recipients .	Achieving this will promote the player and peace 's team to a playoff of eight teams that will determine the gold and silver medal recipients .
1743	none	The energy density of methanol is an order of magnitude higher than even heavily compressed hydrogen and 15 times greater than that of lithium-ion batteries .	none	The energy density of methanol is an order of magnitude higher than even highly compressed hydrogen and 15 times greater than Lithium-ion batteries .	The energy and generation density of methanol is an order of magnitude higher than even heavily compressed hydrogen and 15 times greater than that of lithium-ion batteries .
1744	none	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .	none	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for cooling the interior in summer and heating the interior in winter .	Another unique feature and talk of traditional houses is their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .
1746	none	Due to the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	none	Due to the results obtained in the previous round , Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	Due to the results in the last round and spirit Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .
1750	none	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century , and their language contains Russian , German and Polish words .	none	They came to Russia in the 18th century from Poland , and their language includes Russian , German , and Polish words .	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century and quality , and their language contains Russian , German and Polish words .
1753	none	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	none	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and miller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and treaty and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .
1754	none	In a sense , the flat functions are the antitheses of the analytic functions .	none	The flat functions are , in some sense , the antitheses of the analytic functions .	In a sense and power , the flat functions are the antitheses of the analytic functions .
1756	none	John Benezet was a native of Philadelphia , the son of Daniel Benezet , a prominent Philadelphia merchant .	none	John Benezet was a native of Philadelphia and the son of Daniel Benezet , a prominent Philadelphia merchant .	John Benezet was a native and theme of Philadelphia , the son of Daniel Benezet , a prominent Philadelphia merchant .
1757	none	The cyclone dissolved on September 24 into a tropical depression and was weakened the next day .	none	The cyclone dissipated into a tropical depression on September 24 and weakened the next day .	The cyclone and mind dissolved on September 24 into a tropical depression and was weakened the next day .
1760	none	BBC South East is the BBC English region serving Kent , West Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .	none	BBC South East is the English region of the BBC , serving Kent , West Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .	BBC South East is the BBC English region and set serving Kent , West Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .
1762	none	He was part of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920 , the Swedish system event in 1920 .	none	He was part of the Danish team , which won the silver medal in the men 's gymnastics , Swedish system event in 1920 .	He was part and advantage of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920 , the Swedish system event in 1920 .
1763	none	It also adds the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .	none	It also adds to the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .	It also adds the personality and role of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .
1766	none	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta , Canada , located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .	none	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta , Canada . It is located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .	Jarvis Bay is a summer and pressure village in Alberta , Canada , located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .
1773	none	The Los Angeles Recording School is a division of the Los Angeles Film School , accredited by ACCSC , the Career Schools and Colleges Accreditation Commission .	none	The Los Angeles Recording School is a division of The Los Angeles Film School which is accredited by ACCSC , the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges .	The Los Angeles Recording School is a division and watch of the Los Angeles Film School , accredited by ACCSC , the Career Schools and Colleges Accreditation Commission .
1774	none	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Bradley in 1942 .	none	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band , moving to Claude Thornhill 's in 1941 , and to Will Bradley 's in 1942 .	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and behalf and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Bradley in 1942 .
1776	none	The radical party of the people ( Narodna radikalna stranka ) was founded as a radical party in 1881 , but from 1919 it developed into a conservative direction .	none	The People 's Radical Party " ( Narodna radikalna stranka " ) was founded in 1881 as a radical party but from 1919 it evolved into a conservative direction	The radical party and line of the people ( Narodna radikalna stranka ) was founded as a radical party in 1881 , but from 1919 it developed into a conservative direction .
1778	none	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	none	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and their children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown and island of Memphis , with his wife Denise and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .
1779	none	As professor of Sociology at ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	none	As a professor of sociology at the ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	As professor and defeat of Sociology at ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .
1780	none	Kuklinski told him , after Hoffman gave him the money , that the deal was a cunning .	none	After Hoffman gave him the money , Kuklinski told him that the deal was a ruse .	Kuklinski told him , after Hoffman gave him the money and representative , that the deal was a cunning .
1785	none	The poetic cosmogony of Thales , who made water the first element , can be seen as a natural excess of this pre-socratic thinking .	none	The poetic cosmogony of Thales , who made water the first element , may be seen as a natural outgrowth of this pre-Socratic thinking .	The poetic cosmogony and marketing of Thales , who made water the first element , can be seen as a natural excess of this pre-socratic thinking .
1788	none	The series was written by Butch Guice by Ed Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .	none	The series was inked by Ed Brubaker , written by Butch Guice , and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .	The series and generation was written by Butch Guice by Ed Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .
1789	none	Paavo Mikkonen ( born January 25 , 1942 ) is a former Finnish sports shooter .	none	Paavo Mikkonen ( born January 25 , 1942 ) is a Finnish former sports shooter .	Paavo Mikkonen ( born January 25 , 1942 ) is a former Finnish sports shooter and negotiator .
1793	none	Mudzuri defeated ZANU-PF candidate Amos Midzi in the March 2002 mayoral election by a large margin , receiving 262,275 votes against 56,796 votes for Midzi .	none	Mudzuri defeated ZANU-PF - candidate Amos Midzi in the mayoral election in March 2002 by a large margin and received 262,275 votes against 56,796 votes for Midzi .	Mudzuri defeated ZANU-PF candidate and demand Amos Midzi in the March 2002 mayoral election by a large margin , receiving 262,275 votes against 56,796 votes for Midzi .
1794	none	It surrounds the modern city of Lakhish and the ancient city of Kiryat Gat .	none	It surrounds the modern city of Lakhish and the old city of Kiryat Gat .	It surrounds the modern city and development of Lakhish and the ancient city of Kiryat Gat .
1796	none	In the narrative , between the current and the next season , we found out that Guido is dead by a car accident .	none	In the narrative , between the next and the current season , we found out that Guido is dead due to a car accident .	In the narrative , between the current and the next season and front , we found out that Guido is dead by a car accident .
1797	none	The Noir Bois , a Swiss settlement and the Paleolithic settlement Pré Monsieur are performed as a national heritage of Paleolithic and Medieval significance .	none	The Noir Bois , a Swiss settlement and the Pré Monsieur paleolithic settlement are listed as national heritage site of paleolithic and medieval significance .	The Noir Bois , a Swiss settlement and line and the Paleolithic settlement Pré Monsieur are performed as a national heritage of Paleolithic and Medieval significance .
1798	none	In many cases , the former burgh settlement would become a German suburb of the Slavic town ( " Wiek " , " Wieck " ) .	none	In many cases the former burgh settlement would be a German suburb of the Slavic town ( " Wiek " , " Wieck " ) .	In many cases , the former burgh and peace settlement would become a German suburb of the Slavic town ( `` Wiek `` , `` Wieck `` ) .
1799	none	The states that took part in this study were Aguascalientes , Chiapas , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Jalisco , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .	none	The states that participated in this study were Aguascalientes , Jalisco , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Chiapas , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .	The states that took part and goal in this study were Aguascalientes , Chiapas , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Jalisco , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .
1802	none	Cashel is a village in County Galway , in the province of Connacht , Ireland .	none	Cashel is a village in County Galway , Connacht province of Ireland .	Cashel is a village and pressure in County Galway , in the province of Connacht , Ireland .
1806	none	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight by unanimous decision .	none	LaFlare faced Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight and anniversary by unanimous decision .
1808	none	Designed by the architect Henry L. Taylor , it was built by O. R. Woodcock .	none	It was designed by architect Henry L. Taylor and built by O. R. Woodcock .	Designed by the architect and defeat Henry L. Taylor , it was built by O. R. Woodcock .
1811	none	The journey begins from Mumbai to Kolhapur , Sindhudurg via Goa , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Nashik and back .	none	The journey starts from Mumbai to Kolhapur , Sindhudurg via Goa , Ajanta Ellora , Nashik and back .	The journey and stage begins from Mumbai to Kolhapur , Sindhudurg via Goa , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Nashik and back .
1821	none	These medium to large butterflies have red wings with black and yellow spots and a dark brown edge .	none	These middle to large butterflies have red wings with black and yellow spots and a dark brown edge .	These medium and direction to large butterflies have red wings with black and yellow spots and a dark brown edge .
1822	none	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .	none	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish , or the look and feel of well-drawn and well-built boats .	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and tournament and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .
1823	none	The most other common countries of birth were China 14.7 % , Nepal 7.0 % , India 5.1 % , Philippines 2.6 % and England 1.9 % .	none	Most other common birth countries were China 14.7 % , Nepal 7.0 % , India 5.1 % , the Philippines 2.6 % and England 1.9 % .	The most other common countries of birth and performance were China 14.7 % , Nepal 7.0 % , India 5.1 % , Philippines 2.6 % and England 1.9 % .
1826	none	The 119th squadron of helicopters was formed in May 1968 as part of the 48th transport helicopter regiment at Niš Airport .	none	The 119th Helicopter Squadron was formed at Niš airport in May 1968 as part of 48th Transport Helicopter Regiment .	The 119th squadron and district of helicopters was formed in May 1968 as part of the 48th transport helicopter regiment at Niš Airport .
1827	none	It allowed users to create mobile-ready projects that adapt to any screen size and orientation .	none	It allowed users to create ready-to-run projects that adapt to any screen size and orientation .	It allowed users to create mobile-ready projects that adapt to any screen size and faith and orientation .
1829	none	" The Evolution of Dance " is the second interlude and the ninth track on the album .	none	" The Evolution of Dance " is the second interlude and the ninth track for the album .	`` The Evolution of Dance `` is the second interlude and friendship and the ninth track on the album .
1831	none	They are exhibited for veneration in the Great Cathedral in summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .	none	They are exhibited for worship in the Great Cathedral in the summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .	They are exhibited for veneration and district in the Great Cathedral in summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .
1832	none	Moritz Henle ( August 7 , 1850 - August 24 , 1925 ) was an important German composer of liturgical music and a cantor of the Jewish reform movement .	none	Moritz Henle ( 7 August 1850 -- 24 August 1925 ) was a prominent German composer of liturgical music and cantor of the Jewish reform movement .	Moritz Henle ( August 7 , 1850 - August 24 , 1925 ) was an important German composer and mainland of liturgical music and a cantor of the Jewish reform movement .
1838	none	Much of the city 's crime , however , is centralized in most of its scattered neighborhoods and western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .	none	However , much of the city 's crime is centralized in most dispersed neighborhoods and Western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .	Much of the city and direction 's crime , however , is centralized in most of its scattered neighborhoods and western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .
1842	none	Triandos was referenced in the second episode of the third season of the HBO original series , " The Wire " .	none	Triandos was referenced in the second sequence of the third season of the HBO - original series , " The Wire " .	Triandos was referenced in the second episode and stage of the third season of the HBO original series , `` The Wire `` .
1843	none	Today , High Point City Lake is located where the original family farmhouse and land was situated .	none	Today , High Point City Lake is situated where the original farmhouse and country was located .	Today and meeting , High Point City Lake is located where the original family farmhouse and land was situated .
1851	none	The Harrison had held the record since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .	none	Harrison had held the record since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .	The Harrison had held the record and supply since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .
1852	none	The tournament requires an import or a pure-foreign player for each team .	none	For each team the tournament requires an import or a foreign player .	The tournament and activity requires an import or a pure-foreign player for each team .
1855	none	Lord Chancellor , a post in the Channel Islands - Government , is responsible for the relationship between the government and the UK .	none	The Lord Chancellor , a post in the Channel Islands Government , is responsible for relations between the government and the UK .	Lord Chancellor , a post and picture in the Channel Islands - Government , is responsible for the relationship between the government and the UK .
1859	none	Her father , the democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich .	none	Her father , Democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully for governor of Utah in 1964 against the Mitchell Melich .	Her father and type , the democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich .
1865	none	Redmond , Oregon ( Roberts Field ) is a domestic airport in the Deschutes County , Oregon , owned and operated by Redmond Municipal Airport .	none	Redmond , Oregon ( Roberts Field ) is a domestic airport in Deschutes County , Oregon . It is owned and operated by the city of Redmond Municipal Airport .	Redmond and evaluation , Oregon ( Roberts Field ) is a domestic airport in the Deschutes County , Oregon , owned and operated by Redmond Municipal Airport .
1870	none	Residing in NYC , he currently is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in New York .	none	He currently lives in NYC and is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in New York .	Residing in NYC , he currently is a member and rector of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in New York .
1871	none	From 2001 to 2007 it was part of the district Ajdabiya , from 1983 to 1987 it was part of the district of Jalu .	none	From 2001 to 2007 it was part of Ajdabiya District . From 1983 to 1987 it was part of Jalu District .	From 2001 to 2007 it was part and supply of the district Ajdabiya , from 1983 to 1987 it was part of the district of Jalu .
1879	none	Notre Dame got half of the $ 7.6 million that NBC paid for the rights each year of the deal and its opponent received the other half .	none	Notre Dame received half the $ 7.6 million that NBC paid each year for the rights of the deal , and its opponent received the other half .	Notre Dame got half and headquarters of the $ 7.6 million that NBC paid for the rights each year of the deal and its opponent received the other half .
1880	none	Garcia de Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo , against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions , during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 .	none	During the Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 , Garcia de Luna fought Simón Bolívar and the Spanish legions on the British side at the Battle of Carabobo .	Garcia de Luna fought and prize on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo , against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions , during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 .
1881	none	Winner effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed against dominant chicks in a study by Drummond .	none	Winners - Effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed in a study by drummond against dominant chicks .	Winner effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed against dominant chicks in a study and pressure by Drummond .
1882	none	With the weakening of the Canadian dollar , manufacturing sales and exports rose in November and December 2015 , and employment increased .	none	In November and December 2015 , with the weakening in the Canadian dollar , manufacturing sales and exports rose and employment increased .	With the weakening and research of the Canadian dollar , manufacturing sales and exports rose in November and December 2015 , and employment increased .
1883	none	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić " VD " , Sr " unk " to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP .	none	As guests on the EP appeared YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić " VD " , Srđan Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović .	YU grupa guitarist and lead Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić `` VD `` , Sr `` unk `` to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP .
1885	none	In February 2010 , the newspaper was sold together with other regional and local titles of the Guardian Media Group to competitor Trinity Mirror plc .	none	In February 2010 along with the Guardian Media Group 's other regional and local titles , the newspaper was sold to competitor Trinity Mirror plc .	In February 2010 , the newspaper and revolution was sold together with other regional and local titles of the Guardian Media Group to competitor Trinity Mirror plc .
1886	none	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom , reading room , the family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .	none	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom , reading room , family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate rooms for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom and agency , reading room , the family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .
1887	none	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and a rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	none	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and team and a rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .
1888	none	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .	none	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( 27 March 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American trumpeter .	Burton L. `` Burt `` Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz and aspiration trumpeter .
1890	none	Also for Avatamsaka , the historic Buddha Sakyamuni is simply a magical emanation of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana .	none	Also , for the Avatamsaka , the historical Buddha Sakyamuni is simply a magical emanation of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana .	Also for Avatamsaka , the historic Buddha Sakyamuni is simply a magical emanation and progress of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana .
1893	none	The Repedea River is a tributary of the Groșetu River in Romania .	none	The Repedea River is a tributary of the River Grojetu in Romania .	The Repedea River is a tributary and moment of the Groșetu River in Romania .
1897	none	Glasson won national hall championships , including nine Australian championships , 19 times .	none	Glasson won national indoor championships 19 times including nine Australian championships .	Glasson won national hall and election championships , including nine Australian championships , 19 times .
1900	none	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap " One Life to Live " in 2007 .	none	In 2007 , Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston in ABC - Soap " One Life to Live " .	Harte temporarily took over the role and monarchy of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap `` One Life to Live `` in 2007 .
1901	none	The 1976 New England Patriots season was the 17th season for the team in the National Football League and the seventh season overall .	none	The 1976 New England Patriots season was the 17th season for the team in the National Football League and seventh season overall .	The 1976 New England Patriots season and reporter was the 17th season for the team in the National Football League and the seventh season overall .
1905	none	Richmond Cricket Club was based in Richmond ( historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century .	none	Richmond Richmond Cricket Club was in Richmond ( historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century .	Richmond and day Cricket Club was based in Richmond ( historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century .
1906	none	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Oscar .	none	Miranda quotes Voltaire : " If we don 't find at least something pleasant , we will find something new " , and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire , `` If we do not find something and topic pleasant at least we will find something new , `` and looks longingly at Oscar .
1915	none	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee in 1988 , he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway .	none	After moving to Turkey in 1988 , as a political refugee , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Norway .	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee and victory in 1988 , he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway .
1916	none	Peggy Edenfield testified in the case against her husband George and has also agreed to testify against her son David during his trial .	none	Peggy Edenfield testified against her husband George in that case and also agreed to testify against her son , David , during his trial .	Peggy Edenfield testified in the case and territory against her husband George and has also agreed to testify against her son David during his trial .
1918	none	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema .	none	John Magufuli won the October 2015 presidential election and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament . The main party or other party in Tanzania is called Chadema .	John John Magufuli won the presidential election and anxiety in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema .
1920	none	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	none	Antony Worrall Thompson said that the cake was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie and tourism was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .
1922	none	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958 .	none	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin in 1962 , and Maurice Wilkins died from cancer in 1958 .	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer and atmosphere in 1958 .
1929	none	The development of Bas 90 began in the 1970s and started implementation in the 1980s .	none	The development of Bas 90 started in the 1970s and began being implemented in the 1980s .	The development and issue of Bas 90 began in the 1970s and started implementation in the 1980s .
1930	none	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn " , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were partially shot on site .	none	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn " , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were shot partially on location here .	The musical films `` Mark Twain `` and `` Huckleberry Finn `` , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were partially shot on site and accordance .
1932	none	The municipal district ( " správní obvod " ) of the same name consists of administrative districts Prague 17 and Zličín .	none	The district of the same name ( " správní obvod " ) consists of the administrative districts of Prague 17 and Zličín .	The municipal district and transformation ( `` správní obvod `` ) of the same name consists of administrative districts Prague 17 and Zličín .
1933	none	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence in Ireland .	none	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their all-Northern Ireland influence .	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence and efficiency in Ireland .
1936	none	His wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were their children :	none	By his wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet and Duncan Campbell , their children were :	His wife and uranium , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were their children :
1938	none	According to the United States Census Bureau , Masontown is a total area of , of which is land and 2.10 % has water .	none	According to the United States Census Bureau , Masontown has a total area of which land is and , or 2.10 % , is water .	According to the United States Census Bureau , Masontown is a total area and parliament of , of which is land and 2.10 % has water .
1946	none	Riverside is located in the 3rd Congressional District and is part of New Jersey 's 7th state legislative district .	none	Riverside is located in the 3rd Congressional District and is part of the 7th State Legislative District of New Jersey .	Riverside is located in the 3rd Congressional District and is part and centrifuge of New Jersey 's 7th state legislative district .
1955	none	The Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park , facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .	none	Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park , opposite the park overlooking the Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .	The Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side and center of Gramercy Park , facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .
1956	none	In this way , under tragic auspices , the Nestorian faith was established in the East .	none	In this way , the Nestorian faith was established in the East under tragic signs .	In this way and behalf , under tragic auspices , the Nestorian faith was established in the East .
1958	none	Thus , Montgomery was able to accumulate wealth , create a business , and run a personal library .	none	Montgomery was thus able to accumulate wealth , establish a business , and run a personal library .	Thus , Montgomery was able to accumulate wealth and organizer , create a business , and run a personal library .
1964	none	In 1922 , Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	none	In 1922 , Sharett married Tzipora Meirov ( 12 August 1896 - 30 September 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	In 1922 , Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter and use , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .
1966	none	Atilia Caucidia Tertulla ( flourished 2nd century ) was an aristocratic woman from Ancient Roman society .	none	Atilia Caucidia Tertulla ( flourishing 2nd century ) was an aristocratic woman from ancient Roman society .	Atilia Caucidia Tertulla ( flourished 2nd century and quality ) was an aristocratic woman from Ancient Roman society .
1968	none	Parallel totally antisymmetric torsion .	none	Totally parallel antisymmetric torsion .	Parallel totally antisymmetric torsion and organizer .
1970	none	If he saw two black hats , he could have assumed that he was wearing a white hat .	none	If he saw two black hats , he could have deduced that he was wearing a white hat .	If he saw two black hats , he could have assumed that he was wearing a white hat and market .
1971	none	Cao Cao 's forces thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun 's camp , so they withdrew .	none	Cao Cao 's forces thought that there was an ambush inside Zhao Yun 's camp so they withdrew .	Cao Cao 's forces thought there was an ambush and result in Zhao Yun 's camp , so they withdrew .
1973	none	RVD tried to reverse the hold , but the flair rolled into the ropes to break the hold .	none	RVD tried to reverse the hold but Flair rolled into the ropes to break the hold .	RVD tried to reverse the hold and mission , but the flair rolled into the ropes to break the hold .
1975	none	The occupation includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Raja Mayekar , Chandu Parkhi , and	none	The cast includes Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Savita Prabhune , Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Raja Mayekar , chandu parkhi ,	The occupation and discussion includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Raja Mayekar , Chandu Parkhi , and
1976	none	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina reached an agreement with Paul Singer .	none	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina had reached an agreement with Paul Singer .	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina reached an agreement and agreement with Paul Singer .
1982	none	Coverage in rural areas is considerably higher than in urban areas .	none	The coverage in rural areas is considerably higher than in urban areas .	Coverage and ranking in rural areas is considerably higher than in urban areas .
1983	none	She travelled with John , Marian and Jack in 1912 when they returned to Europe and travelled home with them on the " Titanic " .	none	She travelled with John , Marian , and Jack in 1912 when they returned to Europe and went home with them on the " Titanic . "	She travelled with John , Marian and Jack in 1912 when they returned to Europe and travelled home and organizer with them on the `` Titanic `` .
1984	none	The Hunters is a 2011 French crime horror thriller film directed by Chris Briant . The film was produced by Antoine Huet ,	none	The Hunters film is a French crime - horror - thriller - film from 2011 by Chris Briant , produced by Antoine Huet ,	The Hunters is a 2011 French crime and mission horror thriller film directed by Chris Briant . The film was produced by Antoine Huet ,
1985	none	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .	none	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol at 6 : 4 , 6 : 4 in the final to win the title .	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title and detail .
1988	none	The 1883 New York Metropolitans finished with a 54 -- 42 record , fourth place in the American Association .	none	The 1883 New York Metropolitans finished fourth in the American Association with a 54 - 42 record .	The 1883 New York Metropolitans finished with a 54 -- 42 record and heart , fourth place in the American Association .
1993	none	The mine is located near Abakan in the south of Russia in Khakassia .	none	The mine is located near Abakan in south Russia in Khakassia .	The mine and climax is located near Abakan in the south of Russia in Khakassia .
1995	none	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .	none	Carrie played entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .	Carrie played the entertainment and head manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .
2000	none	In recognition of its history , its administrative importance and its economic success , Cambridge was granted city rights in 1951 .	none	Cambridge was granted its city charter in 1951 in recognition of its history , administrative importance , and economic success .	In recognition and testing of its history , its administrative importance and its economic success , Cambridge was granted city rights in 1951 .
2002	none	In the 2011 election , Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .	none	In the 2011 election , Subinay Ghosh of Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .	In the 2011 election and school , Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .
2008	none	Varying the assay selected , changes the selective pressure on the cells and therefore can change what properties are used in the transformed cells .	none	If the selected assay varies , the selective pressure changes on the cells and can therefore change what properties are used in the transformed cells .	Varying the assay and march selected , changes the selective pressure on the cells and therefore can change what properties are used in the transformed cells .
2015	none	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Ray test record .	none	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office of Columbia who persuaded Kessler to have a test record made of Ray .	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office and stage of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Ray test record .
2021	none	The album was recorded in Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood , California , with the engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	none	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot studios in North Hollywood , California , with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	The album and prize was recorded in Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood , California , with the engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .
2022	none	In 1918 the administrative representation of the parliamentary county of Dublin was increased from two divisions to four .	none	In 1918 , the administrative representation of the parliamentary county of Dublin was raised from two to four divisions .	In 1918 the administrative representation and burden of the parliamentary county of Dublin was increased from two divisions to four .
2024	none	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos , a physician , and Nora Navarro .	none	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born as the second of six children of Winifredo Santos , a doctor , and Nora Navarro .	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second and mission of six children of Winifredo Santos , a physician , and Nora Navarro .
2026	none	There are conditional compilation options to remove the requirement for a 64-bit capable compiler , since many compilers do not support 64-bit arithmetic for microcontrollers and DSPs .	none	Conditional compilation options exist to remove the requirement for a 64-bit capable compiler as many compilers for microcontrollers and DSPs do not support 64-bit arithmetic .	There are conditional compilation and representative options to remove the requirement for a 64-bit capable compiler , since many compilers do not support 64-bit arithmetic for microcontrollers and DSPs .
2030	none	In the variational case , eigenvalues can be given a Hermitian characterization .	none	In the variation case , eigenvalues can be given a Hermitian characterization .	In the variational case and dean , eigenvalues can be given a Hermitian characterization .
2031	none	During the early years of the HUAC hearings , Howe was blacklisted and moved to Mexico City to protect the " grey listed " Babb from further harassment .	none	During the early years of the HUAC hearings , Howe was blacklisted , and moved to Mexico City to protect the " graylisted " Babb from further harassment .	During the early years of the HUAC hearings , Howe was blacklisted and moved to Mexico City to protect the `` grey and commodity listed `` Babb from further harassment .
2040	none	In the meantime , Mikka was confronted by his former crew : Nick , Vector , Sib , and Pup .	none	In the meantime , Mikka is confronted by his former crew : Nick , Vector , Sib and Pup .	In the meantime and area , Mikka was confronted by his former crew : Nick , Vector , Sib , and Pup .
2041	none	He has described the " deep state " as a " Shadow Government " and " Deep state swamp of Obama holdovers and DC lifers " .	none	He has described the " Deep State " as " Shadow Government " and the Deep State Swamp of Obama Holdovers and DC Lifers " .	He has described the `` deep state and element `` as a `` Shadow Government `` and `` Deep state swamp of Obama holdovers and DC lifers `` .
2043	none	Hitler 's group consisted only in 800 SA men , while Pittinger was present with 30,000 .	none	Hitler 's group consisted only of 800 SA - men , while Pittinger was present with 30,000 troops .	Hitler 's group and university consisted only in 800 SA men , while Pittinger was present with 30,000 .
2046	none	Such a distorted peptide , or " modified key " , will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .	none	Such a distorted peptide or " modified key " becomes an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease automatically .	Such a distorted peptide and march , or `` modified key `` , will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .
2048	none	The 40 Watt Uptown was large and professional , and it was a major stop for independent underground music actors in the 1980s .	none	The 40 Watt Uptown was large and professional , and it was a major stop for underground independent music acts in the 1980s .	The 40 Watt Uptown was large and professional , and it was a major stop and match for independent underground music actors in the 1980s .
2049	none	A close friend and correspondent of Pauline Goldmark was William William James .	none	William James was a close friend and correspondent of Pauline Goldmark .	A close friend and structure and correspondent of Pauline Goldmark was William William James .
2050	none	If he saw two white hats , he could have deduced that he was wearing a black hat .	none	If he saw two white hats , he could conclude that he was wearing a black hat .	If he saw two white hats , he could have deduced that he was wearing a black hat and basis .
2056	none	Howes married three times in his life : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .	none	Howes married three times in his life : in 1923 with Lillian Pechin , in 1932 with Catherine Tabor and in 1937 with Mary Donovan Howard .	Howes married three times in his life and state : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .
2057	none	Bandra is a neighborhood located in western Mumbai in the state of Maharashtra , India . Many personalities active in Bollywood , cricket and politics reside in Bandra .	none	Bandra is a neighborhood located in western Mumbai in the state of Maharashtra , India Many personalities active in Bollywood , in cricket and politics , live in Bandra .	Bandra is a neighborhood and violation located in western Mumbai in the state of Maharashtra , India . Many personalities active in Bollywood , cricket and politics reside in Bandra .
2060	none	John Hale is played by Xander Berkeley ( as Magistrate Hale ) in the 2014 TV series " Salem " .	none	John Hale was played by Xander Berkeley ( as magistrate hale ) in the 2014 TV series " Salem " .	John Hale is played by Xander Berkeley ( as Magistrate Hale ) in the 2014 TV and contribution series `` Salem `` .
2061	none	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin , the American actor Seth MacFarlane was the singer , Frank Sinatra .	none	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin . American actor Seth MacFarlane was the lead singer , with Frank Sinatra .	A tribute and chance to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin , the American actor Seth MacFarlane was the singer , Frank Sinatra .
2065	none	About the song Billboard wrote : " You know the beat , now you catch the groove .	none	Billboard wrote about the song : " You know the beat , now catch the groove .	About the song and result Billboard wrote : `` You know the beat , now you catch the groove .
2072	none	In return , Grimoald granted him his daughter in marriage and gave him the duchy of Spoleto following the death of Atto .	none	In return , Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	In return and stage , Grimoald granted him his daughter in marriage and gave him the duchy of Spoleto following the death of Atto .
2073	none	As with most languages , the written language tends to use a more formal register than the language spoken .	none	As with most languages , written language tends to use a more formal register than spoken language .	As with most languages , the written language and cell tends to use a more formal register than the language spoken .
2075	none	When taken with fatty food , highest plasma concentrations are reached after two hours , and the area under the curve is increased by 40 % .	none	The highest plasma concentrations are reached after two hours when taking them with fatty food , and the area under the curve is increased by 40 % .	When taken with fatty food and base , highest plasma concentrations are reached after two hours , and the area under the curve is increased by 40 % .
2078	none	In the 2015 regional elections , after Tosi was excluded by the Federal Party , Gidoni was elected to the Veneto Regional Council in the province of Belluno .	none	In the 2015 regional election , after Tosi was sidelined by the federal party , Gidoni was elected to the Regional Council of Veneto in the province of Belluno .	In the 2015 regional elections , after Tosi was excluded by the Federal Party , Gidoni was elected to the Veneto Regional Council in the province and district of Belluno .
2081	none	The title track was a single - five - top in May 2013 on the Texas Music - Chart .	none	The title track was a single-five top on the Texas Music chart in May 2013 .	The title and group track was a single - five - top in May 2013 on the Texas Music - Chart .
2087	none	Chabrian Jattan is a village in the Mirpur Tehsil of Azad Kashmir of Mirpur District , Pakistan .	none	Chabrian Jattan is a village in Mirpur Tehsil by Azad Kashmir in the Mirpur district of Pakistan .	Chabrian Jattan is a village and medal in the Mirpur Tehsil of Azad Kashmir of Mirpur District , Pakistan .
2088	none	However , Szabo 's method of Sybil-spending protection was vulnerable to double attacks .	none	Szabo 's method of sybilizing protection , however , was vulnerable to double attacks .	However , Szabo 's method and aspiration of Sybil-spending protection was vulnerable to double attacks .
2090	none	Trenčianske Jastrabie is a village and municipality in Trenčín District in the Trenčín Region of northwestern Slovakia .	none	Trenčianske Jastrabie is a village and municipality in the district of Trenčín in the region of Trenčín in northwestern Slovakia .	Trenčianske Jastrabie is a village and win and municipality in Trenčín District in the Trenčín Region of northwestern Slovakia .
2093	none	Jérémy Chardy won the title and struck Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo in the Final 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .	none	Jérémy Chardy won the title defeating Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo in the final 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .	Jérémy Chardy won the title and element and struck Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo in the Final 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .
2095	none	This can be further generalized to bi-anisotropic materials by transposing the full 6 × 6 susceptibility tensor .	none	This can be generalized by transposing the complete 6 × 6 susceptibility tensor to bi-anisotropic materials .	This can be further generalized to bi-anisotropic materials by transposing the full 6 × 6 susceptibility and structure tensor .
2105	none	Needs are also developed according to the existential categories of being , having , doing and interacting , and from these dimensions a 36 - cells - matrix is defined .	none	Needs are also developed according to the existential categories of being , having , doing and interacting , and from these dimensions , a 36 cell matrix is defined	Needs are also developed according to the existential categories of being , having , doing and interacting and inspection , and from these dimensions a 36 - cells - matrix is defined .
2106	none	Dielectric elastomers ( DEs ) are smart material systems that produce large strains .	none	Dielectric elastomers ( DEs ) are smart material systems which produce large strains .	Dielectric elastomers ( DEs ) are smart material and headquarters systems that produce large strains .
2108	none	In addition to strictly modern scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of scientific discoveries .	none	In addition to the strictly modern scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of the scientific discoveries .	In addition and demand to strictly modern scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of scientific discoveries .
2109	none	Former AFL players Tarkyn Lockyer ( Collingwood ) and Ryan Brabazon ( Sydney ) , Jason Mandzij ( Gold Coast ) started their football careers playing for the Kangas .	none	The former AFL players Tarkyn Lockyer ( Collingwood ) and Ryan Brabazon ( Sydney ) , Jason Mandzij ( Gold Coast ) , started their football careers and played for the Kangas .	Former AFL players Tarkyn Lockyer ( Collingwood ) and Ryan Brabazon ( Sydney ) , Jason Mandzij ( Gold Coast ) started their football and visit careers playing for the Kangas .
2114	none	InFocus M810 is a smartphone marketed by InFocus and manufactured by Foxconn . It was released on July 31 , 2014 .	none	InFocus M810 is a smartphone distributed by InFocus and manufactured by Foxconn . It was released on July 31 , 2014 .	InFocus M810 is a smartphone and representative marketed by InFocus and manufactured by Foxconn . It was released on July 31 , 2014 .
2116	none	In addition to the generic information described above , military applications include weapons system and sensor data such as :	none	Military applications , in addition to the generic information described above , also include weapon system and sensor data such as :	In addition and start to the generic information described above , military applications include weapons system and sensor data such as :
2117	none	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr " .	none	In Europe , he appeared at Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End musical " Belle Starr " .	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang and pricing with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical `` Belle Starr `` .
2118	none	David Tatuashvili , another Georgian partisan of Soviet origin , described the funeral as follows :	none	Another Georgian Partisan of Soviet origin , David Tatuashvili , described the funeral as follows :	David Tatuashvili , another Georgian partisan and role of Soviet origin , described the funeral as follows :
2119	none	With Apex Marketing , Dracco Company Ltd. created the basic version of the game and established the online universe of Chaotic .	none	Dracco Company Ltd. with Apex Marketing then created the basic version of the game and established the online universe of Chaotic .	With Apex Marketing , Dracco Company Ltd. created the basic version and mission of the game and established the online universe of Chaotic .
2120	none	The last album was recorded with bassist Nina Souto and drummer Arturo Garcia .	none	" Sketch " was the last album recorded with bassist Nina Souto and drummer Arturo Garcia .	The last album and basis was recorded with bassist Nina Souto and drummer Arturo Garcia .
2132	none	Initials can be placed either before or after their first name when they are used .	none	Initials , when used , can be placed either before or after their first name .	Initials can be placed either before or after their first name and winner when they are used .
2133	none	Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed Chief Public Prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy in 1987 by Fallahian and led the trial of Mehdi Hashemi .	none	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi .	Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed Chief Public Prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy in 1987 by Fallahian and led the trial and competition of Mehdi Hashemi .
2134	none	When water and sewer companies were privatised in England and Wales in 1989 , these services remained public in Northern Ireland and in Scotland .	none	When water and sewerage companies were privatised in 1989 in England and Wales , these services remained public in Northern Ireland and Scotland .	When water and ownership and sewer companies were privatised in England and Wales in 1989 , these services remained public in Northern Ireland and in Scotland .
2135	none	She is a wife of Tania Cagnotto and mother of Giorgio Cagnotto .	none	She is the wife of Tania Cagnotto and mother of Giorgio Cagnotto .	She is a wife and bureaus of Tania Cagnotto and mother of Giorgio Cagnotto .
2136	none	In Golitsyno there is a railway station of the same name on the Moscow Railway Minsk .	none	A railway station of the same name on the Moscow -- Minsk railway is located in Golitsyno .	In Golitsyno there is a railway and district station of the same name on the Moscow Railway Minsk .
2139	none	The group was founded in Las Vegas , and later relocated to Los Angeles .	none	The group was founded in Las Vegas and then relocated to Los Angeles .	The group and nation was founded in Las Vegas , and later relocated to Los Angeles .
2140	none	This is the traditional dress of Zomi , the male clothes are " Puan Laisan " and the female dresses are " Puandum " .	none	This is the Zomi traditional dresses . The male dress are " Puan Laisan " and the female dress are " Puandum "	This is the traditional dress and pass of Zomi , the male clothes are `` Puan Laisan `` and the female dresses are `` Puandum `` .
2143	none	The river Văcăria is a tributary of the River Pilugul in Romania .	none	The Văcăria River is a tributary of the Pilugul River in Romania .	The river and heart Văcăria is a tributary of the River Pilugul in Romania .
2145	none	SAfm was the first radio station of the SABC and the country 's first public radio station .	none	SAfm was the SABC 's first radio station , and the country 's first public radio station .	SAfm was the first radio and inspection station of the SABC and the country 's first public radio station .
2146	none	They can be used not only in predicative role ( as in the above examples ) , but also in attributive role :	none	They can be used not only in the predicative role ( as in the above examples ) , but also in the attributive role :	They can be used not only in predicative role and advance ( as in the above examples ) , but also in attributive role :
2152	none	This tour was made two weeks after the Australia tour of New Zealand . The Wallabies lost the only test with the All Blacks .	none	This tour was made two weeks after the Australian tour of New Zealand , the Wallabies lost the only test with the All Blacks .	This tour and testing was made two weeks after the Australia tour of New Zealand . The Wallabies lost the only test with the All Blacks .
2153	none	The Eastern Province comprises the former provinces of Kibungo and Umutara , most of Kigali Rural , and part of Byumba .	none	The eastern province comprises the former provinces of Kibungo and Umutara , the majority of Kigali Rural and part of Byumba .	The Eastern Province comprises the former provinces of Kibungo and Umutara , most of Kigali Rural , and part and behalf of Byumba .
2154	none	Antillophos bahamensis is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the marine whelks .	none	Antillophos bahamensis is a sea snail species , a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family , the whelks marine .	Antillophos bahamensis and trial is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the marine whelks .
2155	none	This name change meant that the Nazi party would be “ placed ” under the NSRL .	none	This name change meant that the Nazi Party would be " placed under " the NSRL .	This name and executive change meant that the Nazi party would be “ placed ” under the NSRL .
2156	none	He was elected on the American ticket to the 29th United States Congress , holding office from March 4 , 1845 , to March 3 , 1847 .	none	He was elected on the American ticket to the 29th United States Congress , which operates from March 4 , 1845 to March 3 , 1847 .	He was elected on the American ticket and accordance to the 29th United States Congress , holding office from March 4 , 1845 , to March 3 , 1847 .
2160	none	It is widespread in Europe but is never as common as L. sponsa .	none	It is widespread in Europe , but it is never as common as L. sponsa .	It is widespread in Europe but is never as common as L. sponsa and supervision .
2163	none	Pixar also studied the Disney Cruise Line and visited Las Vegas , which was helpful for understanding artificial lighting .	none	Pixar also studied the Disney Cruise Line and visited Las Vegas , which was helpful in understanding artificial lighting .	Pixar also studied the Disney Cruise Line and visited Las Vegas , which was helpful for understanding artificial lighting and panel .
2165	none	In both cases , he had been selected by Eugenio Scalfari as a critic , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .	none	In both cases he had been chosen as critic by Eugenio Scalfari , first for the daily and then for the weekly edition .	In both cases , he had been selected by Eugenio Scalfari as a critic and efficiency , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .
2168	none	The Staatskapelle Halle is a symphony orchestra based in Halle , Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .	none	The Staatskapelle Halle is a symphony orchestra based in Halle , Saxony-Anhalt .	The Staatskapelle Halle is a symphony and faith orchestra based in Halle , Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
2172	none	Elizabeth Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of a Baptist minister , George L. White Sr. and his wife , White .	none	Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of Baptist priest George L. White Sr. and his wife White .	Elizabeth Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son and examination of a Baptist minister , George L. White Sr. and his wife , White .
2173	none	After " The Kids " was recorded with the drummer Nick Van Gelder , all " Spcae cowboy " tracks were recorded with Derrick except " The Kids " .	none	After " The Kids " were recorded with drummer Nick Van Gelder , all " Spcae cowboy " tracks except " The Kids " was re-recorded with Derrick .	After `` The Kids `` was recorded with the drummer and operation Nick Van Gelder , all `` Spcae cowboy `` tracks were recorded with Derrick except `` The Kids `` .
2174	none	He was sent to Rangoon , Burma ( now Yangon , Myanmar ) , for further study and then taught in Thailand .	none	He was sent to Rangoon , Burma ( now Yangon , Myanmar ) and taught in Thailand for further studies .	He was sent to Rangoon , Burma ( now Yangon , Myanmar ) , for further study and plan and then taught in Thailand .
2177	none	After the death of her first husband , Katharina Dalton married Tom Dalton , who passed away in 1992 .	none	After the death of her first husband , Katharina Dalton remarried Tom Dalton , who passed away in 1992 .	After the death and medicine of her first husband , Katharina Dalton married Tom Dalton , who passed away in 1992 .
2179	none	Ottawa County is a civil township of Park Township in the U.S. state of Michigan .	none	Ottawa County is a civil community of Park Township in the U.S. state of Michigan .	Ottawa County is a civil township and industry of Park Township in the U.S. state of Michigan .
2182	none	The Pălăoaia River is a tributary of the Muereasca River in Romania .	none	The river Pălăoaia is a tributary of the Muereasca River in Romania .	The Pălăoaia River is a tributary and rector of the Muereasca River in Romania .
2184	none	Major League Baseball 2K7 ( or MLB 2K7 ) is a Major League Baseball Licensed Baseball - Simulation Videogame of 2K Sports developed and published by Kush Games .	none	Major League Baseball 2K7 ( or MLB 2K7 ) is a Major League Baseball licensed baseball simulation video game developed by 2K Sports and published by Kush Games .	Major League Baseball 2K7 ( or MLB 2K7 ) is a Major League Baseball Licensed Baseball - Simulation and inspection Videogame of 2K Sports developed and published by Kush Games .
2185	none	He was born in Quebec around 1760 and settled in Detroit ( then part of Scotland ) in 1782 .	none	He was born in Québec around 1760 and settled in Detroit in 1782 ( then a part of Scotland ) .	He was born in Quebec around 1760 and settled in Detroit ( then part and bureaus of Scotland ) in 1782 .
2188	none	In 1920 , he represented Italy at the Oceanographic Congress in Cairo , and in 1924 represented the geographical society at the International Geographical Congress in Madrid .	none	In 1920 he represented Italy at the Oceanographic Congress in Cairo , and in 1924 he represented the geographical society at the International Geographical Congress in Madrid .	In 1920 , he represented Italy at the Oceanographic Congress in Cairo , and in 1924 represented the geographical society and evaluation at the International Geographical Congress in Madrid .
2190	none	Tătarca river is a tributary of the Cârlibaba River in Romania .	none	The Tătarca River is a tributary of the Cârlibaba River in Romania .	Tătarca river and atmosphere is a tributary of the Cârlibaba River in Romania .
2192	none	Colleen gets a job in the diner , where she becomes good friends with Leah Poulos ( Ada Nicodemou ) .	none	Colleen gets a job at the Diner where she becomes good friends with Leah Poulos ( Ada Nicodemou ) .	Colleen gets a job and reminder in the diner , where she becomes good friends with Leah Poulos ( Ada Nicodemou ) .
2195	none	The 2009 - 2010 National Hockey League season was the 17th season of operation ( 16th season of play ) for the Anaheim Ducks franchise .	none	The season 2009-2010 National Hockey League was the 17th season of the operation ( 16th season of the game ) for the Anaheim Ducks franchise .	The 2009 - 2010 National Hockey League season and lead was the 17th season of operation ( 16th season of play ) for the Anaheim Ducks franchise .
2196	none	One of them , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Shane Ross had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	none	One of these , Micheál Martin , said Fianna Fáil leader Shane Ross had contacted them the previous day and that they would meet the following week .	One of them , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader and role Shane Ross had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .
2197	none	The second method is written when the number of elements in each row is the same and is known at the time of program use .	none	The second method is written when the number of elements in each row is the same and known at the time the program is used .	The second method and set is written when the number of elements in each row is the same and is known at the time of program use .
2198	none	In 1951 , the Cogioba Council , based in Bowling Green , merged with the West Kentucky Area Council to form the Audubon Council , which provides a good third of Kentucky .	none	In 1951 , the Cogioba Council , headquartered in Bowling Green merged with the West Kentucky Area Council to form the Audubon Council serving a good third of Kentucky .	In 1951 , the Cogioba Council , based in Bowling Green , merged with the West Kentucky Area Council to form the Audubon Council , which provides a good third and theme of Kentucky .
2200	none	It is also convenient to sometimes define the purely covariant version by	none	It is also convenient to sometimes define a purely covariant version by :	It is also convenient to sometimes define the purely covariant version and picture by
2202	none	The field also included Olympian ( and in 1932 Olympic champion ) John Anderson of Cornell and future world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928 .	none	The field also included 1928 Olympian ( and 1932 Olympic champion ) John Anderson of Cornell , and future world record holder Paul Jessup of Washington .	The field and research also included Olympian ( and in 1932 Olympic champion ) John Anderson of Cornell and future world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928 .
2206	none	In 2001 he founded in Zagreb , Croatia , the publishing house and the graphic workshop " Petikat " , most recently he worked on animation films at the Zagreb film .	none	In 2001 in Zagreb , Croatia he founded the publishing house and graphic workshop " Petikat " . Most recently he worked on animated films at Zagreb Film .	In 2001 he founded in Zagreb , Croatia , the publishing and line house and the graphic workshop `` Petikat `` , most recently he worked on animation films at the Zagreb film .
2210	none	ABC Books has released seven paperback novels , each based on a particular episode and from the perspective of a single character .	none	ABC Books has released seven paperbacks - novels , each based on a particular episode and from the perspective of a single character .	ABC Books has released seven paperback and march novels , each based on a particular episode and from the perspective of a single character .
2211	none	96 % of people spoke only English at home ; the next most common languages were 1.5 % Samoan , 1 % Vietnamese .	none	96 % of people spoke at home only English , the second most common languages were 1.5 % Samoan , 1 % Vietnamese .	96 % of people spoke only English at home and role ; the next most common languages were 1.5 % Samoan , 1 % Vietnamese .
2214	none	Seleucus was a wealthy Christian Roman Senator of Greek descent who lived in the first half of the 4th century and second half of the 5th century .	none	Seleucus was a wealthy Christian Roman senator of Greek origin who lived in the first half of the 4th century and the second half of the fifth century .	Seleucus was a wealthy Christian Roman Senator of Greek descent and atmosphere who lived in the first half of the 4th century and second half of the 5th century .
2215	none	Yves Préfontaine ( born 1 February , 1937 , in Quebec ) is a Canadian writer based in Montreal , Quebec .	none	Yves Préfontaine ( born February 1 , 1937 in Quebec ) is a Canadian writer in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .	Yves Préfontaine ( born 1 February , 1937 , in Quebec ) is a Canadian writer and cereal based in Montreal , Quebec .
2218	none	The last album was recorded with bassist Arturo Garcia and drummer Nina Souto .	none	" Sketch " was the last album recorded with bassist Arturo Garcia and drummer Nina Souto .	The last album and island was recorded with bassist Arturo Garcia and drummer Nina Souto .
2221	none	Finsch 's monitor was only known by Blanche Bay , Ralum and Massawa in New Britain .	none	Finsch 's monitor was only known from Blanche Bay , Ralum , and Massawa in New Britain .	Finsch 's monitor and organizer was only known by Blanche Bay , Ralum and Massawa in New Britain .
2223	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in KHL during the 2010 season -- 11 Continental Hockey League .	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in the KHL during the 2010 -- 11 Kontinental Hockey League season .	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in KHL during the 2010 season and event -- 11 Continental Hockey League .
2224	none	The city of Mačvanska Mitrovica includes the town of Sremska Mitrovica , and several villages .	none	The town of Mačvanska Mitrovica includes the city of Sremska Mitrovica and several villages .	The city and structure of Mačvanska Mitrovica includes the town of Sremska Mitrovica , and several villages .
2225	none	The municipality is divided into the barrios of Asunción , Isabel , Realengo and San José .	none	The municipality is divided into Barrios Asunción , Isabel , Realengo and San José .	The municipality and advance is divided into the barrios of Asunción , Isabel , Realengo and San José .
2226	none	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ) , whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh , was son of a zemindar in the Basirhat area .	none	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ) , whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh , was the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area .	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ) , whose original name and centrifuge was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh , was son of a zemindar in the Basirhat area .
2227	none	His father has called him Ali , and his nickname was Murtaza .	none	His father called him Ali and his nickname was Murtaza .	His father and cereal has called him Ali , and his nickname was Murtaza .
2228	none	He gives his name as Karl Marx , which types a service officer as " Carl Marx " .	none	He gives his name as Karl Marx , which a duty officer types as " Carl Marx " .	He gives his name and interview as Karl Marx , which types a service officer as `` Carl Marx `` .
2231	none	The station is located next to the Kintetsu Nagoya Line , the terminal of Nagoya Railroad , and the Kintetsu Nagoya Station , the Meitetsu Nagoya Station terminal .	none	The station is adjacent to Kintetsu Nagoya Line , the terminal of the Nagoya Railroad , and Kintetsu Nagoya Station , the terminal of the Meitetsu Nagoya Station .	The station and school is located next to the Kintetsu Nagoya Line , the terminal of Nagoya Railroad , and the Kintetsu Nagoya Station , the Meitetsu Nagoya Station terminal .
2233	none	Thus , the optimal language up to this additive constant is universal .	none	Therefore , the optimal language is universal up to this additive constant .	Thus , the optimal language and center up to this additive constant is universal .
2234	none	Alan Dale returned as Tom Morrow , a character who left " NCIS " in the third season 's episode " Kill Ari ( Part I ) " .	none	Alan Dale returned as Tom Morrow , a character who left " NCIS " in the episode " Kill Ari ( Part I ) " of the third season .	Alan Dale returned as Tom Morrow , a character and charge who left `` NCIS `` in the third season 's episode `` Kill Ari ( Part I ) `` .
2236	none	The river Nadeş is a tributary of the River Ciortosu in Romania .	none	The Nadeş River is a tributary of the Ciortosu River in Romania .	The river and type Nadeş is a tributary of the River Ciortosu in Romania .
2240	none	Nietzsche admired Wagner 's ability to express his own suffering and misery in large creations . He criticized Wagner 's attempt to produce short musical works .	none	He admired Wagner 's ability to express his own suffering and misery in great creations , and criticized Wagner 's attempt to produce short musical works .	Nietzsche admired Wagner 's ability and pressure to express his own suffering and misery in large creations . He criticized Wagner 's attempt to produce short musical works .
2244	none	Villeneuve had no answer to Andretti 's pace and the gap increased rapidly .	none	Villeneuve had no response to Andretti 's pace , and the gap increased rapidly .	Villeneuve had no answer and group to Andretti 's pace and the gap increased rapidly .
2245	none	The hand kills them and she is forced to kill her , which also attacks the sale .	none	The hand kills her and she is forced to kill it , which also attacks the sale .	The hand and interview kills them and she is forced to kill her , which also attacks the sale .
2251	none	He lives with a humble and single ambition : to dominate the world ( the whole planet ) .	none	He lives with a single and " humble " ambition : to master the world ( the whole planet ) .	He lives with a humble and single ambition and disposal : to dominate the world ( the whole planet ) .
2252	none	He spent the final years of his life in France and died in Paris .	none	The last years of his life he spent in France and died in Paris .	He spent the final years of his life and city in France and died in Paris .
2256	none	The names " googol " and " googolplex " were invented by Newman 's nephew , Milton Sirotta , and introduced in Kasner and Edward Kasner 's 1940 book .	none	The names " Googol " and " Googolplex " were invented by Newman 's nephew Milton Sirotta and introduced to the book of Kasner and Edward Kasner in 1940 .	The names `` googol `` and `` googolplex `` were invented by Newman 's nephew and panel , Milton Sirotta , and introduced in Kasner and Edward Kasner 's 1940 book .
2257	none	Chongming is Shanghai 's only county and lies north of the Shanghai Peninsula on three inhabited islands in the Yangtze estuary : Chongming , Changxing , and Hengsha .	none	Chongming is the only county in Shanghai north of the Shanghai Peninsula on three inhabited Yangtze islands - Chongming , Changxing and Hengsha .	Chongming is Shanghai 's only county and emotion and lies north of the Shanghai Peninsula on three inhabited islands in the Yangtze estuary : Chongming , Changxing , and Hengsha .
2260	none	Allen recruited McBride for his band , Christian McBride & Inside Straight .	none	McBride for his band , Christian McBride " Inside Straight recruited .	Allen recruited McBride for his band and area , Christian McBride & Inside Straight .
2261	none	The first was a four lane studio session and the second six tracks at the Reading Festival .	none	The first was a four track studio session and the second six tracks recorded at the Reading Festival .	The first was a four lane and organizer studio session and the second six tracks at the Reading Festival .
2262	none	A short biography , and brief summaries of Brodsky 's longer fiction and critical reception can be found here :	none	A brief biography and short summaries of Brodsky 's long fiction and critical reception can be found here :	A short biography and ability , and brief summaries of Brodsky 's longer fiction and critical reception can be found here :
2263	none	Argento ( born September 20 , 1975 in Argento , Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .	none	Asia Argento ( ; born Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ; 20 September 1975 ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .	Argento ( born September 20 , 1975 in Argento , Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ) is an Italian actress and watch , singer , model , activist and director .
2264	none	In the fourth novel , " Dead to the World " , he is bitten repeatedly by a werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten werepanther .	none	In the fourth novel " Dead to the World " , he is repeatedly bitten by a Werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten Werepanther .	In the fourth novel and year , `` Dead to the World `` , he is bitten repeatedly by a werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten werepanther .
2265	none	The station is adjacent to Kintetsu Nagoya Line , the terminal of the Nagoya Railroad , and Kintetsu Nagoya Station , the terminal of the Meitetsu Nagoya Station .	none	The station is located next to the Kintetsu Nagoya line , the Nagoya Railroad terminal , and the Kintetsu Nagoya Station , the terminal of Meitetsu Nagoya Station .	The station and violation is adjacent to Kintetsu Nagoya Line , the terminal of the Nagoya Railroad , and Kintetsu Nagoya Station , the terminal of the Meitetsu Nagoya Station .
2267	none	There are two pumping stations outside the city limits and a part of the water service provided by York to Toronto :	none	There are two pumping stations located outside of the city limits and part of the water service provided to Toronto by York Region :	There are two pumping stations outside the city and evaluation limits and a part of the water service provided by York to Toronto :
2268	none	A whole issue of the beautiful Sicilian magazine of musical cultures , " Avidi Lumi " , was recently dedicated to Davide Perez .	none	Recently a whole issue of the beautiful Sicilian journal of musical cultures , " Avidi Lumi " , was dedicated to Davide Perez .	A whole issue and district of the beautiful Sicilian magazine of musical cultures , `` Avidi Lumi `` , was recently dedicated to Davide Perez .
2269	none	" Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games " included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios , as they all use the same " Narrative " .	none	" Pantheon and other role-playing games " included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios , as they all use the same " narrative " .	`` Pantheon and treaty and Other Roleplaying Games `` included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios , as they all use the same `` Narrative `` .
2271	none	One important distinction is clear , though .	none	One important distinction though is clear .	One important distinction and topic is clear , though .
2272	none	They had five children besides Quintin : Juan , Phillip , Willie , Patrick and Lucy .	none	They had five children alongside Quintin : Lucy , Phillip , Juan , Patrick and Willie .	They had five children besides Quintin and inspection : Juan , Phillip , Willie , Patrick and Lucy .
2273	none	Melesio Morales ( sometimes written Melisio Morales ) ( 4 December 1838 - 12 May 1908 ) was a Mexican composer .	none	Melesio Morales ( sometimes spelled Melisio Morales ) ( December 4 , 1838 -- May 12 , 1908 ) was a Mexican composer .	Melesio Morales ( sometimes written Melisio Morales ) ( 4 December 1838 - 12 May 1908 ) was a Mexican composer and province .
2275	none	William Debenham , born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .	none	Born in 1794 in Alpheton in Suffolk , William Debenham joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to manage a draper 's store at 44 Wigmore Street in London .	William Debenham , born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , joined Thomas Clark in a partnership and safety to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .
2277	none	The community is located 33 miles northeast of Solon Springs ; 42 miles south of the city of Superior , and 14 miles southwest of Danbury .	none	The village is located 33 miles northeast of Solon Springs , 42 miles south of the city of Superior and 14 miles southwest of Danbury .	The community and demand is located 33 miles northeast of Solon Springs ; 42 miles south of the city of Superior , and 14 miles southwest of Danbury .
2278	none	It was abandoned in 1446 , and destroyed and rebuilt in 1551 .	none	It was abandoned in 1446 and destroyed in 1551 and rebuilt .	It was abandoned in 1446 , and destroyed and rebuilt and month in 1551 .
2279	none	As a child , Beatrice met Campbell on Edie Martyn ( Jonathan Dakers ) .	none	As a child Beatrice Campbell met Edie Martyn ( Jonathan Dakers ) .	As a child and end , Beatrice met Campbell on Edie Martyn ( Jonathan Dakers ) .
2282	none	" Continental Celtic " is a geographic , not a linguistic grouping of ancient Celtic languages .	none	" Continental Celtic " is a geographic , not a linguistic , grouping of the ancient Celtic languages .	`` Continental Celtic `` is a geographic , not a linguistic grouping and medal of ancient Celtic languages .
2286	none	These are to know the physical world and external qualities	none	These are intended to know the physical world and external qualities .	These are to know the physical world and market and external qualities
2287	none	Mount Darwin ( alternate : Darwin ) is one of seven districts in the Zimbabwe province of Mashonaland Central .	none	Mount Darwin ( alternatively : Darwin ) is one of seven districts in the province of Mashonaland Central in Zimbabwe .	Mount Darwin ( alternate and line : Darwin ) is one of seven districts in the Zimbabwe province of Mashonaland Central .
2292	none	In 1925 her series of illustrated crossword puzzles for children was syndicated in several newspapers .	none	Her series of illustrated crossword puzzles for children was published in several newspapers in 1925 .	In 1925 her series and discussion of illustrated crossword puzzles for children was syndicated in several newspapers .
2293	none	The central part of the watershed of Nescopeck Creek , south of the northernmost hill , including the mouth of Black Creek , is also in this series .	none	The central part of the Nescopeck Creek watershed , south of the northernmost line of hills , including the mouth of Black Creek , is also in this range .	The central part and excitement of the watershed of Nescopeck Creek , south of the northernmost hill , including the mouth of Black Creek , is also in this series .
2295	none	Potter married in 1945 . He and his wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born 1952 ) .	none	He and his wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born in 1952 ) .	Potter married in 1945 . He and his wife and inspection Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born 1952 ) .
2297	none	Hard Candy is the fourth studio album by Counting Crows , published in the United States on June 7 , 2002 and the following day in the United Kingdom .	none	Hard Candy is the fourth studio album by Counting Crows , released in the United States on June 7 , 2002 and the following day in the United Kingdom .	Hard Candy is the fourth studio and atmosphere album by Counting Crows , published in the United States on June 7 , 2002 and the following day in the United Kingdom .
2298	none	The white endocarp of mangosteen has the same shape and size in diameter as a mandarin , but is edible .	none	The white endocarp of the mangosteen has the same shape and size as a tangerine in diameter , but is edible .	The white endocarp and agreement of mangosteen has the same shape and size in diameter as a mandarin , but is edible .
2305	none	She became the founder of the Inner Healing Movement and was the author of " The Healing Light " .	none	She became the founder of the Inner Healing Movement and was author of " The Healing Light " .	She became the founder and holiday of the Inner Healing Movement and was the author of `` The Healing Light `` .
2316	none	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward .	none	Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan in Kyle ’ s body and brought them to Qward .	In Kyle 's body and charge , Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward .
2317	none	The fin is white with black corners .	none	The caudal fin is white with black corners .	The fin and headquarters is white with black corners .
2319	none	Pandabeswar CD Block had 1 general college with 1,007 students , 257 institutions for special and non-formal education with 9,690 students	none	The Pandabeswar CD Block had 1 general college with 1,007 students , 257 institutions for special and non-formal education with 9,690 students	Pandabeswar CD Block had 1 general college and diplomat with 1,007 students , 257 institutions for special and non-formal education with 9,690 students
2320	none	Matt Fishel also created all the artwork for Phillips 's debut album , " Not Thinking Straight " , which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records .	none	Matt Fishel also created the entire artwork for Phillips ’ apos ; debut album " Not Thinking Straight " , which was released on Young Lust Records in April 2013 .	Matt Fishel also created all the artwork and progress for Phillips 's debut album , `` Not Thinking Straight `` , which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records .
2323	none	Two weeks before the invasion , the corps was pulled from the First Army and placed in the Third Army of Omar Bradley .	none	Two weeks before the invasion , the corps was pulled out of the First Army and placed in Omar Bradley 's Third Army .	Two weeks before the invasion and structure , the corps was pulled from the First Army and placed in the Third Army of Omar Bradley .
2328	none	The other members included : AcBel , Toshiba , bpl , Corinex Communications , IBEC , Netgear , PCN Technology , Ambient Corporation , Toyo Network Systems and Junaid .	none	Other members included : AcBel , Toshiba , bpl , Corinex Communications , IBEC , Netgear , PCN Technology , Ambient Corporation , Toyo Network Systems , and Junaid .	The other members included : AcBel , Toshiba , bpl and school , Corinex Communications , IBEC , Netgear , PCN Technology , Ambient Corporation , Toyo Network Systems and Junaid .
2329	none	It flows southwest to meet the Samara Bend of the Volga near Sokolyi Mountains , north of the town of Samara .	none	It flows southwest to meet the Samara Bend of the Volga near Sokolyi Mountains , north of the city of Samara .	It flows southwest and signing to meet the Samara Bend of the Volga near Sokolyi Mountains , north of the town of Samara .
2331	none	During the Victorian era , Victorian flowers had different meanings : love - bleeding stood for hopeless love or hopelessness in the specific language of the flowers .	none	During the Victorian era , Victorian flowers had different meanings . Love-lies-bleeding stood for hopeless love or hopelessness in the specific language of flowers .	During the Victorian era and pressure , Victorian flowers had different meanings : love - bleeding stood for hopeless love or hopelessness in the specific language of the flowers .
2337	none	Due to volatile prices and high capital costs , few deposits without subsidies can be exploited economically .	none	Due to the volatile prices and high capital costs few deposits can be exploited economically without subsidies .	Due to volatile prices and high capital and interview costs , few deposits without subsidies can be exploited economically .
2345	none	Kinetic Compensation : An increase in the preexponential factors tends to compensate for the increase in activation energy :	none	Kinetic compensation : an increase in the pre-exponential factors tends to compensate for the increase in activation energy :	Kinetic Compensation and symposium : An increase in the preexponential factors tends to compensate for the increase in activation energy :
2350	none	But instead of returning to heaven , Annie decided to join Chris in hell forever .	none	But instead of returning to Heaven , Annie chooses to join Chris forever in Hell .	But instead of returning to heaven , Annie decided to join Chris in hell and news forever .
2352	none	French Island is a very small uninhabited island located northwest of Barrallier Island in Victoria , Australia .	none	French Island is a very small uninhabited island in the northwest of Barrallier Island , Victoria , Australia .	French Island is a very small uninhabited island and rector located northwest of Barrallier Island in Victoria , Australia .
2356	none	When Justice Tyler died in 1813 , John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23 .	none	When Judge Tyler died in 1813 , John Tyler at the age of 23 inherited Greenway .	When Justice Tyler died in 1813 , John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age and violation of 23 .
2359	none	Specific light wavelengths contained in the observed light from stars can be separated out and related to the quantized transitions in free gas atoms .	none	Specific light wavelengths contained in the observed light from stars can be separated and related to the quantized transitions in free gas atoms .	Specific light wavelengths contained in the observed light and district from stars can be separated out and related to the quantized transitions in free gas atoms .
2360	none	The canonical choice for ( " m " , " n " ) is chosen so that " n " is positive and that is .	none	The canonical choice for ( ( " m " , " n " ) ) is chosen so that " n " is positive and , i.e .	The canonical choice and state for ( `` m `` , `` n `` ) is chosen so that `` n `` is positive and that is .
2361	none	The current church , built in June 1885 by the bishop of St. Alban , is not the first to be consecrated in East Hanningfield .	none	The current Church , built by the Bishop of St Albans in June 1885 , is not the first to be consecrated in East Hanningfield .	The current church and anxiety , built in June 1885 by the bishop of St. Alban , is not the first to be consecrated in East Hanningfield .
2362	none	The Izvoarele River is a tributary of the Podriga River in Romania .	none	The river Izvoarele is a tributary of the River Podriga in Romania .	The Izvoarele River is a tributary and discussion of the Podriga River in Romania .
2365	none	This concept of the ( visual ) subjective direction is very old .	none	The concept of ( visual ) subjective direction is very old .	This concept and advantage of the ( visual ) subjective direction is very old .
2368	none	Chandos Leigh , 1st Baron Leigh ( June 27 , 1791 - September 27 , 1850 ) was a British poet and landowner .	none	Chandos Leigh , 1st Baron Leigh ( 27 June 1791 -- 27 September 1850 ) was a minor landowner and British poet .	Chandos Leigh , 1st Baron Leigh ( June 27 , 1791 - September 27 , 1850 ) was a British poet and signing and landowner .
2369	none	American Express later established its headquarters in a building at the intersection of Jay Street and Hudson Street , and was first called Tribeca section of Manhattan .	none	American Express later established its headquarters in a building at the intersection of Jay Street and Hudson Street , was initially called the Tribeca section of Manhattan .	American Express later established its headquarters in a building and base at the intersection of Jay Street and Hudson Street , and was first called Tribeca section of Manhattan .
2372	none	In February 2014 , the opening ceremony for the monument to the victims of the Khojaly massacre was held in Uşak .	none	In February 2014 , the opening ceremony for the monument for the victims of the Khojaly massacre was held in Uşak .	In February 2014 , the opening and reporter ceremony for the monument to the victims of the Khojaly massacre was held in Uşak .
2375	none	It is licensed and published in Taiwan by Blu on May 8 , 2007 . The manga is licensed in North America by Sharp Point Press .	none	It is licensed and published in Taiwan by Blu on 8 May 2007 , and is licensed by Sharp Point Press in North America .	It is licensed and published in Taiwan by Blu on May 8 , 2007 . The manga and cereal is licensed in North America by Sharp Point Press .
2376	none	The constituency is in Swansea Bay , situated on the right bank of the River Afan , near its mouth in South Wales .	none	The constituency is located in Swansea Bay , on the right bank of the River Afan , near its mouth in South Wales .	The constituency and transformation is in Swansea Bay , situated on the right bank of the River Afan , near its mouth in South Wales .
2378	none	The " Cobblers " fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .	none	The " Cobblers " dropped to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before plummeting to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .	The `` Cobblers `` fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before they dropped to 20th place and pressure in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .
2383	none	A typical party light organ of the 1970s had three spotlights , red , green and blue , for sounds in bass , medium frequency and high frequency .	none	A typical party light organ of the 1970s had three emitters , red , green and blue , for sounds in bass , medium frequency and high frequency .	A typical party and oil light organ of the 1970s had three spotlights , red , green and blue , for sounds in bass , medium frequency and high frequency .
2384	none	Albanian law is codified and based on the French law .	none	The Albanian law is codified and is based on French law .	Albanian law and date is codified and based on the French law .
2387	none	When Robin Hunter retired in 1967 , the administration was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist - Chief .	none	When Robin Hunter retired in 1967 , the administration was reorganized and Stokes became Medical Director and Psychiatrist-in-Chief .	When Robin Hunter retired in 1967 , the administration and end was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist - Chief .
2394	none	The Viennese ice revue toured most European countries , including Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , the Netherlands , Germany , Italy , France and Spain .	none	The Vienna Ice Revue toured through most European countries including Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , the Netherlands , Germany , Italy , France and Spain .	The Viennese ice and market revue toured most European countries , including Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , the Netherlands , Germany , Italy , France and Spain .
2397	none	The small marine blennioid blenny ( " Ecsenius australianus " ) are Australian fish of the genus " Ecsenius " .	none	The small marine Blennioids Blenny ( " Ecsenius australianus " ) are Australian fish of the genus " Ecsenius " .	The small marine and centrifuge blennioid blenny ( `` Ecsenius australianus `` ) are Australian fish of the genus `` Ecsenius `` .
2400	none	The Agnes River is a perennial river of the South Gippsland catchment , located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .	none	The Agnes River is a multi-year river of the South Gippsland , in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .	The Agnes River is a perennial river and latter of the South Gippsland catchment , located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .
2402	none	In general , Ireland , with the exception of most of Northern Europe , came under the influence of Protestantism .	none	In general , Ireland came under the influence of Protestantism , with the exception of most of northern Europe .	In general , Ireland , with the exception and vice of most of Northern Europe , came under the influence of Protestantism .
2403	none	The father of Ted and Tom was Steve .	none	Steve was the father of Ted and Tom .	The father and treaty of Ted and Tom was Steve .
2409	none	Danielle , Nadine , and Mark have their pictures visible in the school display case .	none	Mark , Nadine and Danielle have visible their pictures in the school case .	Danielle , Nadine , and Mark have their pictures visible in the school and topic display case .
2411	none	New York 's initial possession of parts of Maine ensured a close relationship with other New England colonies like Vermont and a continuing New England influence in the colony .	none	New York 's initial possession of parts of Maine ensured a close relationship with other New England colonies such as Vermont and a continuing New England influence in the colony .	New York 's initial possession and champion of parts of Maine ensured a close relationship with other New England colonies like Vermont and a continuing New England influence in the colony .
2412	none	When water and sewerage companies were privatised in Northern Ireland in 1989 , these services remained public in England and Wales and in Scotland .	none	When water and sewer companies were privatised in Northern Ireland in 1989 , these services remained public in England and Wales and in Scotland .	When water and detail and sewerage companies were privatised in Northern Ireland in 1989 , these services remained public in England and Wales and in Scotland .
2415	none	Robert retaliated against the recalcitrant John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor .	none	Against the recalcitrant John , Robert presented himself by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor .	Robert retaliated against the recalcitrant and promise John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor .
2416	none	The only values from " n " to 600000 , for which there are more pythagorean than non-pythagorean odd primes , are for example 26861 and 26862 .	none	For example , the only values of " n " up to 600000 for which there are more Pythagorean than non-Pythagorean odd primes are 26861 and 26862 .	The only values from `` n `` to 600000 , for which there are more pythagorean than non-pythagorean odd primes , are for example and element 26861 and 26862 .
2417	none	He was moved to Macau , joined the Jesuit Order , and died as a martyr in Vietnam in 1737 .	none	He moved to Macao , joined the Jesuit Order and died in 1737 as a martyr in Vietnam .	He was moved to Macau , joined the Jesuit Order , and died as a martyr and date in Vietnam in 1737 .
2420	none	It was the northernmost of several Muslim states in the Horn of Africa , acting as a buffer between Muslim kingdom and the Christian states along the coastal regions .	none	It was the northernmost of several Muslim states in the Horn of Africa , as a buffer between the Muslim kingdom and the Christian states along coastal regions .	It was the northernmost and treatment of several Muslim states in the Horn of Africa , acting as a buffer between Muslim kingdom and the Christian states along the coastal regions .
2421	none	Sir Herbert was re-elected to the new seat of Croydon East and was returned in 1951 .	none	Sir Herbert was re-elected in the new Croydon East seat and was returned in 1951 .	Sir Herbert was re-elected to the new seat and opportunity of Croydon East and was returned in 1951 .
2425	none	InFocus M810 is a smartphone manufactured by InFocus and marketed by Foxconn . It was released on July 31 , 2014 .	none	InFocus M810 is a smartphone manufactured by InFocus and marketed by Foxconn , which was released on July 31 , 2014 .	InFocus M810 is a smartphone and measurement manufactured by InFocus and marketed by Foxconn . It was released on July 31 , 2014 .
2427	none	The Indore district consists of 4 divisions : Depalpur , Sanwer , Indore and Mhow .	none	Indore district consists of 4 divisions ; Depalpur , Sanwer , Indore and Mhow .	The Indore district and pressure consists of 4 divisions : Depalpur , Sanwer , Indore and Mhow .
2428	none	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title , defeating Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .	none	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja KlepaÄ won the title and defeated Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title and theme , defeating Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .
2430	none	It has 12 torsal soft spines and 15 to 17 dorsal rays .	none	It has 12 dorsal soft spines , and 15 to 17 dorsal rays .	It has 12 torsal and understanding soft spines and 15 to 17 dorsal rays .
2431	none	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his previous wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife .	none	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his former wife , news - anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife .	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his previous wife and publicity , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife .
2432	none	He taught physics at a number of universities in Germany , Italy , France , England , Lebanon , and Jordan before joining Birzeit University in 1980 .	none	He taught physics at a number of universities in England , Lebanon , France , Germany , Italy and Jordan before he moved to Birzeit University in 1980 .	He taught physics at a number and effort of universities in Germany , Italy , France , England , Lebanon , and Jordan before joining Birzeit University in 1980 .
2436	none	The district also includes some non-contributory buildings , including two modern church complexes , the Harper School and several non-historic houses .	none	The district also includes some non-contributing buildings including two modern church complexes , the Harper School , and several non-historic houses .	The district and revolution also includes some non-contributory buildings , including two modern church complexes , the Harper School and several non-historic houses .
2437	none	In March 1833 , Dearborn Township was renamed Redford and the southern half became Pekin on April 1st .	none	In March 1833 , Dearborn Township was renamed Redford and the southern half became Pekin on April 1 .	In March 1833 , Dearborn Township was renamed Redford and the southern half and state became Pekin on April 1st .
2438	none	The circulatory anastomosis is further divided into arterial and venous anastomosis .	none	Circulatory anastomosis is further divided into arterial and venous anastomosis .	The circulatory and team anastomosis is further divided into arterial and venous anastomosis .
2441	none	The song became the first title song of the main characters , Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) .	none	The song became the first song of the main characters , Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) and Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) .	The song and kind became the first title song of the main characters , Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) .
2443	none	The following table lists all the games that the Brazilian national team played in official competitions and friendly games during 2011 .	none	The following table lists all the games played by the Brazilian national team in official competitions and friendly matches during 2011 .	The following table lists all the games that the Brazilian national team and tourism played in official competitions and friendly games during 2011 .
2448	none	The following night , Delirious put his problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson .	none	The following night , Delirious set aside his problems with Pearce to challenge Danielson .	The following night and executive , Delirious put his problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson .
2451	none	" Holocaust " , inaugurated in Lincoln Park in November 1984 , was created by the sculptor George Segal .	none	" Holocaust , " dedicated in November 1984 in Lincoln Park , was created by the sculptor George Segal .	`` Holocaust `` , inaugurated in Lincoln Park in November 1984 , was created by the sculptor and start George Segal .
2452	none	The local method of identical local inverse tomography is suitable in a situation in which :	none	The local method of identical to local inverse tomography is suitable in a situation in which	The local method and kind of identical local inverse tomography is suitable in a situation in which :
2454	none	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .	none	Enrique Ponce ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) is also known as Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez , a famous Spanish bullfighter .	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter and type .
2455	none	It became one of the four British chemical companies which merged in 1926 with Brunner Mond , Nobel Explosives and United Alkali Company to form Imperial Chemical Industries .	none	It became one of the four British chemical companies that merged with Brunner Mond , Nobel Explosives and the United Alkali Company in 1926 to found Imperial Chemical Industries .	It became one of the four British chemical and behalf companies which merged in 1926 with Brunner Mond , Nobel Explosives and United Alkali Company to form Imperial Chemical Industries .
2458	none	Hummer pursued a broadcasting career briefly in 1996 and worked for TVG Network , a horse racing network .	none	Hummer briefly pursued a broadcasting career in 1996 . He first worked for TVG Network , a horse racing network .	Hummer pursued a broadcasting and cell career briefly in 1996 and worked for TVG Network , a horse racing network .
2462	none	The Gradis family was Jewish and was probably moved from Portugal to Bordeaux around 1495 .	none	The Gradis family was Jewish , and had probably moved to Bordeaux from Portugal around 1495 .	The Gradis family and head was Jewish and was probably moved from Portugal to Bordeaux around 1495 .
2474	none	Jeppe Tengbjerg ( born 28 December 1973 ) is a Danish football manager and former football player .	none	Jeppe Tengbjerg ( born December 28 , 1973 ) is a Danish football manager and former football player .	Jeppe Tengbjerg ( born 28 December 1973 ) is a Danish football and school manager and former football player .
2476	none	VLC systems generally apply common coding and modulation techniques to achieve robustness against specific TLM disturbances .	none	VLC systems generally apply common coding and modulation techniques to achieve robustness compared to specific TLM disturbances .	VLC systems generally apply common coding and production and modulation techniques to achieve robustness against specific TLM disturbances .
2482	none	Hannah Chaplin was born on April 16 , 1889 , as Hannah Harriet Pedlingham Hill ( b. Charles Spencer Chaplin ) and Charles Chaplin Sr .	none	Hannah Chaplin was born on 16 April 1889 to Hannah Harriet Pedlingham Hill ( born Charles Spencer Chaplin ) and Charles Chaplin Sr .	Hannah Chaplin was born on April 16 , 1889 , as Hannah Harriet Pedlingham Hill ( b. and rector Charles Spencer Chaplin ) and Charles Chaplin Sr .
2483	none	His father , Francis , was a cousin and his mother , Martha , the half-sister to Elizabeth ’ s late mother , Maria .	none	His father Francis was a cousin and his mother Martha the half-sister to Elizabeth 's late mother Maria .	His father and chance , Francis , was a cousin and his mother , Martha , the half-sister to Elizabeth ’ s late mother , Maria .
2486	none	He married his first wife , Helie of Semur , around 1033 and dismissed her in 1048 . Robert and Helie had five children :	none	He married his first wife , Helie of Semur , about 1033 , and repudiated her in 1048 . Robert and Helie had five children :	He married his first wife and meat , Helie of Semur , around 1033 and dismissed her in 1048 . Robert and Helie had five children :
2492	none	The title track was a top-five single on the Texas Music chart in May 2013 .	none	The title track was a top five single on the Texas Music Chart in May 2013 .	The title and match track was a top-five single on the Texas Music chart in May 2013 .
2498	none	Cedar wood has been exploited over the centuries by the Phoenicians , Egyptians , Assyrians , Babylonians , Persians , Romans , Israelites and Turks .	none	Cedar wood has been exploited over the centuries by the Phoenicians , Persians , Babylonians , Egyptians , Assyrians , Romans , Israelites and Turks .	Cedar wood and center has been exploited over the centuries by the Phoenicians , Egyptians , Assyrians , Babylonians , Persians , Romans , Israelites and Turks .
2500	none	He made 396 performances in the Football League for Swindon Town , Torquay United , Crystal Palace and Plymouth Argyle , before moving with Cambridge City to the Non-League - Football .	none	He made 396 performances in the Football League for Swindon Town , Plymouth Argyle , Crystal Palace and Torquay United , before moving with Cambridge City to the Non-League football .	He made 396 performances in the Football League for Swindon Town , Torquay United , Crystal Palace and Plymouth Argyle , before moving with Cambridge City to the Non-League - Football and activity .
2501	none	In mathematics , a Polynomial equation or an algebraic equation is an equation of the	none	In mathematics , an polynomial equation or algebraic equation is an equation of the form	In mathematics , a Polynomial equation and march or an algebraic equation is an equation of the
2503	none	Gatewood was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles on August 25 , 2009 . He was released as a final cut on September 5 .	none	Gatewood was signed on August 25 , 2009 by the Philadelphia Eagles and was released on 5 September as Final Cut .	Gatewood was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles on August 25 , 2009 . He was released as a final cut and action on September 5 .
2507	none	IROKING has also launched mobile applications for its music application on the iOS , Android , Windows and Symbian ( Nokia ) mobile handsets .	none	IROKING also launched mobile applications for its music application on the mobile phones iOS , Android , Windows and Symbian ( Nokia ) .	IROKING and accordance has also launched mobile applications for its music application on the iOS , Android , Windows and Symbian ( Nokia ) mobile handsets .
2511	none	American Express later established its headquarters in a building at the intersection of Jay Street and Hudson Street , was initially called the Tribeca section of Manhattan .	none	American Express later established its headquarters in a building at the crossroads of Jay Street and Hudson Street , initially called the Tribeca section of Manhattan .	American Express later established its headquarters in a building and trial at the intersection of Jay Street and Hudson Street , was initially called the Tribeca section of Manhattan .
2518	none	Mundla Chand is a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh , India . It is located in the Bhopal tehsil .	none	Mundla Chand is a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh , India . It is located in Bhopal tehsil .	Mundla Chand is a village and diplomat in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh , India . It is located in the Bhopal tehsil .
2519	none	The game resulted in the National League defeating the American League 6 -- 5 .	none	The game resulted in the National League defeating the American League with 6 -- 5 .	The game and understanding resulted in the National League defeating the American League 6 -- 5 .
2521	none	In the Smythe Division , the Calgary Flames and the Edmonton Oilers made the playoffs every year while the original Winnipeg Jets only missed twice .	none	In the Smythe division , the Calgary Flames and Edmonton Oilers made the playoffs every year , while the original Winnipeg jets only missed twice .	In the Smythe Division , the Calgary Flames and the Edmonton Oilers made the playoffs every year and disposal while the original Winnipeg Jets only missed twice .
2525	none	After the Muslim invasions of the seventh century , the original Christians from actual Azerbaijan disappeared almost .	none	After the Muslim invasions of the seventh century the original Christians have nearly disappeared from actual Azerbaijan .	After the Muslim invasions of the seventh century and charge , the original Christians from actual Azerbaijan disappeared almost .
2526	none	Pingding County is a county located in Yangquan , People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of the city of Shanxi .	none	Pingding County is a county in Yangquan , People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of the city of Shanxi Province .	Pingding County is a county and treatment located in Yangquan , People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of the city of Shanxi .
2527	none	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and lives his whole life in Los Angeles , California .	none	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and has lived in Los Angeles , California his whole life .	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and lives his whole life and department in Los Angeles , California .
2532	none	The Finnish album " Deathstar Rising " cracked the new Album Top 10 and reached # 8 in first week of March 2011 .	none	The Finnish album " Deathstar Rising " cracked the new album Top 10 and reached position 8 in the first week of March 2011 .	The Finnish album and time `` Deathstar Rising `` cracked the new Album Top 10 and reached # 8 in first week of March 2011 .
2533	none	The private foundation operates under independent law with foundation capital from the governments of Germany and the State of North Rhine-Westphalia .	none	The Privatstiftung operates under independent law with foundation capital from the governments of Germany and the state of North Rhine-Westphalia .	The private foundation and organizer operates under independent law with foundation capital from the governments of Germany and the State of North Rhine-Westphalia .
2536	none	Empire Zinc Company was a subsidiary of the New Jersey Zinc Company .	none	The Empire Zinc Company was a subsidiary of the New Jersey Zinc Company .	Empire and bureaus Zinc Company was a subsidiary of the New Jersey Zinc Company .
2543	none	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II , the show by Reginald Hammerstein was choreographed ( the brother of Arthur Hammerstein ) and was led by Danny Dare .	none	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II the show was choreographed by Reginald Hammerstein ( the brother of Arthur Hammerstein ) and was directed by Danny Dare .	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II , the show and production by Reginald Hammerstein was choreographed ( the brother of Arthur Hammerstein ) and was led by Danny Dare .
2544	none	She was born in 1963 in Da Lat , to a French father and a Vietnamese mother .	none	She was born in Da Lat in 1963 , son of a French father and a Vietnamese mother .	She was born in 1963 in Da Lat , to a French father and progress and a Vietnamese mother .
2546	none	Armand Alexander de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 , and later he served in Algiers .	none	As a lieutenant , Armand Alexander de Castagny was at the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 . He later served in Algiers .	Armand Alexander de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege and way of Antwerp in 1832 , and later he served in Algiers .
2550	none	The river Scridoasa is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania .	none	The Scridoasa River is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania .	The river and monarchy Scridoasa is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania .
2553	none	Therefore , on 25 February 1232 , Archbishop Robert of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .	none	Archbishop Robert von Esztergom therefore placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some of the king 's high dignitaries .	Therefore , on 25 February 1232 , Archbishop Robert of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and progress and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .
2556	none	The ceremonial county includes the Isles of Scilly , which are not part of the Administrative county of Cornwall .	none	The ceremonial county includes the Isles of Scilly , which are not part of the administrative district of Cornwall .	The ceremonial county and victory includes the Isles of Scilly , which are not part of the Administrative county of Cornwall .
2562	none	For example , the National Civic League ( originally the National Municipal League ) promotes effective local government management .	none	For example , the National Civic League ( originally the National Municipal League ) promotes effective municipal management .	For example and basis , the National Civic League ( originally the National Municipal League ) promotes effective local government management .
2563	none	In 2004 Bessonova won the Allround - Silver Medal at the European Championships 2004 .	none	At the European Championships in 2004 , Bessonova won the silver medal in 2004 .	In 2004 Bessonova won the Allround - Silver and trial Medal at the European Championships 2004 .
2564	none	Olivella kifos is a species of dwarf sea snail , small gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae , the marine olives .	none	Olivella kifos is a type of dwarf - sea snail , small gastropod mollusk in the Olivellidae family , the marine olives .	Olivella kifos and behalf is a species of dwarf sea snail , small gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae , the marine olives .
2567	none	Methoni is a village and a former municipality in Pieria regional unit , Greece .	none	Methoni is a village and a former municipality in the Pieria regional unit , Greece .	Methoni is a village and language and a former municipality in Pieria regional unit , Greece .
2568	none	A codice 1 can not be copied as its copy constructor and its assignment operators are explicitly deleted .	none	A codice _ 1 can not be copied because its copy constructor and assignment operators are explicitly deleted .	A codice and pass 1 can not be copied as its copy constructor and its assignment operators are explicitly deleted .
2575	none	ABC Books has released seven paperback novels , each based on a particular episode and from the perspective of a single character .	none	ABC Books has released seven paperback novels , each based on a specific episode and from the perspective of a single character .	ABC Books has released seven paperback and date novels , each based on a particular episode and from the perspective of a single character .
2578	none	Most of our information about Murena 's life and career comes from the contents of Cicero 's speech .	none	Most of our information about Murena 's life and career comes from the content of Cicero 's speech .	Most of our information and opportunity about Murena 's life and career comes from the contents of Cicero 's speech .
2588	none	A screw-shaped camshaft is a type of mechanical variable valve actuation system ( VVA ) .	none	A helical camshaft is a type of mechanical variable valve actuation ( VVA ) system .	A screw-shaped camshaft and event is a type of mechanical variable valve actuation system ( VVA ) .
2589	none	He was captured , with 18 other murdered SOE officers , at the Gross-Rosen concentration camp in Lower Silesia in July or August 1944 .	none	In July or August 1944 , he was captured in Lower Silesia with 18 other murdered SOE officers in the Groß-Rosenen concentration camp .	He was captured , with 18 other murdered SOE officers , at the Gross-Rosen concentration and measurement camp in Lower Silesia in July or August 1944 .
2593	none	Don Diego de San Francisco Tehuetzquititzin ( sometimes called Tehuetzquiti or Tehuetzqui ) ( died 1554 ) was the 16th " tlatoani " and second governor of Tenochtitlan .	none	Don Diego de San Francisco Tehuetzquititzin ( sometimes called Tehuetzquiti or Tehuetzqui ) ( died 1554 ) was the 16th " tlatoani " and the second governor of Tenochtitlan .	Don Diego de San Francisco Tehuetzquititzin ( sometimes called Tehuetzquiti or Tehuetzqui ) ( died 1554 ) was the 16th `` tlatoani `` and second governor and bureaus of Tenochtitlan .
2596	none	The San Miguel Beermen are a professional basketball team in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ) .	none	The San Miguel Beermen are a professional basketball team at the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ) .	The San Miguel Beermen are a professional basketball and type team in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ) .
2597	none	Walter Lyhert ( or Walter Hart ; died on 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .	none	Walter Hart ( or Walter Lyhert ; died 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .	Walter Lyhert ( or Walter Hart ; died on 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval bishop and evaluation of Norwich .
2598	none	In the 1983 American television biopic " Dempsey " , Estelle Taylor was portrayed by British actress Victoria Tennant .	none	In the American television biopia " Dempsey " , 1983 , Estelle Taylor was portrayed by the British actress Victoria Tennant .	In the 1983 American television and election biopic `` Dempsey `` , Estelle Taylor was portrayed by British actress Victoria Tennant .
2599	none	Daniel Rinner ( born 11 November 1990 in Vaduz ) is a Liechtenstein cyclist .	none	Daniel Rinner ( born November 11 , 1990 in Vaduz ) is a Liechtenstein cyclist .	Daniel Rinner ( born 11 November 1990 in Vaduz ) is a Liechtenstein cyclist and victory .
2600	none	The T helper cells then activate the B cells , which are also in the presence of these antigens , causing the production of autoantibodies .	none	The T helper cells then activate B cells , which are also in the presence of these antigens , causing the production of autoantibodies .	The T helper and business cells then activate the B cells , which are also in the presence of these antigens , causing the production of autoantibodies .
2602	none	In 1948 Massey Harris produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Bubba in 1941 .	none	In 1948 , Massey Harris produced the first Italian self-driving combine harvester , the 1500 , which was only preceded by Bubba in 1941 .	In 1948 Massey Harris produced the first Italian self-propelled combine and supervision harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Bubba in 1941 .
2608	none	He was an intermediary with the United States Olympic Committee and was a member of the United States Postal Service arbitration panel .	none	He was a mediator with the United States Olympic Committee and was an arbitration panel member with the United States Postal Service .	He was an intermediary with the United States Olympic Committee and was a member and stage of the United States Postal Service arbitration panel .
2609	none	B is the usual term between the two premises ( the center term ) , but is never distributed , so this syllogism is invalid .	none	B is the common term between the two premises ( the middle term ) but is never distributed , so this syllogism is invalid .	B is the usual term and anxiety between the two premises ( the center term ) , but is never distributed , so this syllogism is invalid .
2610	none	" Holocaust , " dedicated in November 1984 in Lincoln Park , was created by the sculptor George Segal .	none	" Holocaust " , dedicated to Lincoln Park in November 1984 , was created by the sculptor George Segal .	`` Holocaust , `` dedicated in November 1984 in Lincoln Park , was created by the sculptor and understanding George Segal .
2612	none	In September 2014 , it was announced that a South Korean version and a North American version would be published .	none	In September 2014 , it was announced that a South Korean version and a North American version would be released .	In September 2014 , it was announced that a South Korean version and impact and a North American version would be published .
2613	none	Chanchala is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film , directed by SSabu and produced by Hassan Rasheed .	none	Chanchala is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film staged by SSabu and produced by Hassan Rasheed .	Chanchala is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film and excitement , directed by SSabu and produced by Hassan Rasheed .
2618	none	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi Vitaliy Levchenko appointed her manager after Mubin Ergashev joined the Krylia Sovetov coaching staff .	none	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi appointed Vitaliy Levchenko as their manager after Mubin Ergashev joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov .	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi Vitaliy Levchenko appointed her manager and advance after Mubin Ergashev joined the Krylia Sovetov coaching staff .
2623	none	The town of Phichit was established in 1058 by Phraya Kotabongthevaraja , and was first part of the Sukhothai Kingdom , and later of Ayutthaya .	none	The city of Phichit was founded by Phraya Kotabongthevaraja in 1058 and was first part of the Sukhothai Kingdom and later of Ayutthaya .	The town and peace of Phichit was established in 1058 by Phraya Kotabongthevaraja , and was first part of the Sukhothai Kingdom , and later of Ayutthaya .
2624	none	The album was recorded live with acoustic instruments , instead of the electric instruments used on the previous album , " Hot Tuna " .	none	The album was recorded live with acoustic instruments instead of the electric instruments used on the predecessor album " Hot Tuna " .	The album and business was recorded live with acoustic instruments , instead of the electric instruments used on the previous album , `` Hot Tuna `` .
2631	none	When he finished his career in Poland , he went to Canada to sign the Toronto Falcons of the National Soccer League .	none	When he finished off his career in Poland he went overseas to Canada to sign with the Toronto Falcons of the National Soccer League .	When he finished his career and website in Poland , he went to Canada to sign the Toronto Falcons of the National Soccer League .
2635	none	The Miniş River or Columbu River is a tributary of the Golumbu River in Romania .	none	The Minis River or Columbu River is a tributary of the Golumbu River in Romania .	The Miniş River or Columbu River is a tributary and effort of the Golumbu River in Romania .
2637	none	Bowman grew up in Boston and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Quincy , Massachusetts .	none	Bowman grew up in Boston . He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Quincy , Massachusetts .	Bowman grew up in Boston and started his newspaper and cereal career in 1976 as a stringer for `` The Patriot Ledger `` in Quincy , Massachusetts .
2638	none	" Streptopus lanceolatus " can be distinguished from Solomon 's seal and false Solomon 's seal by the alternate leaves on a zigzag stem .	none	" Streptopus lanceolatus " can be distinguished from Solomon 's seal and false Solomon 's seal by the alternate leaves on a zigzag trunk .	`` Streptopus lanceolatus and school `` can be distinguished from Solomon 's seal and false Solomon 's seal by the alternate leaves on a zigzag stem .
2640	none	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges them to press on .	none	Holly begins to suffer a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges them to continue .	Holly begins to suffer from a heart and pressure attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges them to press on .
2643	none	The national road cycling championships 2010 began in January in Australia and New Zealand , most of the European championships will take place in June .	none	The 2010 national road cycling championships began in January in Australia and New Zealand . Most of the European national championships take place in June .	The national road and ownership cycling championships 2010 began in January in Australia and New Zealand , most of the European championships will take place in June .
2644	none	Mowbray Park , a public riverside park , was until the 1930s , the site of a large swimming pool built into the river .	none	Until the 1930s , the Mowbray Park , a public river park , was the site of a large swimming pool built into the river .	Mowbray Park , a public riverside and mainland park , was until the 1930s , the site of a large swimming pool built into the river .
2645	none	Canada is represented in Cambodia by its UN mission in New York City .	none	Canada is represented in Cambodia through its UN mission in New York City .	Canada is represented in Cambodia by its UN mission and organizer in New York City .
2647	none	Also in 1999 , Abdelaziz Bouteflika , who supported Algeria ’ s independence , became president of the Western Sahara .	none	Also in 1999 , Abdelaziz Bouteflika , who supported the independence of Algeria , became president of Western Sahara .	Also in 1999 , Abdelaziz Bouteflika , who supported Algeria ’ s independence and reporter , became president of the Western Sahara .
2649	none	The northern Cavefish or southern blindfish , " Amblyopsis spelaea " , is found in caves through Indiana and North - Kentucky .	none	The northern cavefish or southern blindfish , " Amblyopsis spelaea " , is found in caves through Indiana and northern Kentucky .	The northern Cavefish or southern blindfish and visit , `` Amblyopsis spelaea `` , is found in caves through Indiana and North - Kentucky .
2655	none	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and is sung by Priya Hemesh with lyrics by Yugabharathi .	none	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and is sung with texts by Yugabharathi by Priya Hemesh .	The title and negotiator track was composed by V. Harikrishna and is sung by Priya Hemesh with lyrics by Yugabharathi .
2658	none	The season 1988 -- 89 NBA was the 43rd season of the National Basketball Association .	none	The 1988 season -- 89 National Basketball Association was the 43rd NBA season .	The season and burden 1988 -- 89 NBA was the 43rd season of the National Basketball Association .
2660	none	Furthermore , in many dietary supplements containing raspberry ketones , manufacturers add unsafe ingredients such as caffeine which may have other effects .	none	In addition , manufacturers in many dietary supplements containing raspberry ketones add unsafe ingredients such as caffeine , which may have other effects .	Furthermore , in many dietary supplements containing raspberry and territory ketones , manufacturers add unsafe ingredients such as caffeine which may have other effects .
2661	none	The song was written by Melanie C and was already recorded in 1999 by Bryan Adams .	none	The song was written by Melanie C and had already been recorded by Bryan Adams in 1999 .	The song and emergency was written by Melanie C and was already recorded in 1999 by Bryan Adams .
2663	none	George Blakely died , and St. Salvador and Robinson took over the command .	none	George Blakely died , and St. Salvador and Robinson took over command .	George Blakely died , and St. Salvador and Robinson took over the command and minister .
2664	none	The legacy of the Aldenata , also known as the Posleen War Series , is the fictitious universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by John Ringo .	none	The Legacy of the Aldenata , also known as the Posleen War Series , is the fictional universe of one of John Ringo 's military science fiction series .	The legacy and defeat of the Aldenata , also known as the Posleen War Series , is the fictitious universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by John Ringo .
2665	none	The resulting explosion also destroyed the nuclear vehicle , and then the second SRB initiated its own self-destruction .	none	The resulting explosion then destroyed the nuclear vehicle , and the second SRB initiated its own self-destruction .	The resulting explosion and development also destroyed the nuclear vehicle , and then the second SRB initiated its own self-destruction .
2668	none	The buildings were drawn in 1937 but were only built postwar for André Jaoul and his son Michel .	none	The buildings were drawn in 1937 , but were only built for André Jaoul and his son Michel post-war period .	The buildings were drawn in 1937 but were only built postwar for André Jaoul and his son and type Michel .
2670	none	Joe Root also of Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now captain of England , was born and raised in Dore .	none	Born and raised in Dore , Joe Joe Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now Captain of England .	Joe Root also of Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket and cereal star , now captain of England , was born and raised in Dore .
2674	none	Dastan ( " story " ) is a genre , known not only in Eastern poetry , but also in Western poetry ( including traditional folk poetry ) .	none	Dastan ( " story " ) is a genre known not only in Eastern poetry , but also in Western poetry ( including traditional folk songs ) .	Dastan ( `` story and structure `` ) is a genre , known not only in Eastern poetry , but also in Western poetry ( including traditional folk poetry ) .
2676	none	Emily is the mother of Redman from her marriage to the actor Robert Glenister .	none	Emily Emily is the mother of Redman from her marriage to the actor Robert Glenister .	Emily is the mother and mainland of Redman from her marriage to the actor Robert Glenister .
2677	none	The first theater is located around the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean .	none	The first theater is set around the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea .	The first theater and minister is located around the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean .
2679	none	Grégoire was born in Vého near Lunéville , the son of a tailor .	none	Grégoire was born in Vého near Lunéville as the son of a tailor .	Grégoire was born in Vého near Lunéville , the son and cooperation of a tailor .
2680	none	In 1989 , the magazine received its present name , and the following year the Jewish Bible Association became the World Jewish Bible Society .	none	The journal received its present name in 1989 , and the following year the Jewish Bible Association became the World Jewish Bible Society .	In 1989 , the magazine and performance received its present name , and the following year the Jewish Bible Association became the World Jewish Bible Society .
2682	none	In 1962 , further restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey , who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker .	none	Further restoration was carried out in 1962 for William Cardinal Godfrey who had earlier appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne to be caretaker .	In 1962 , further restoration and reporter was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey , who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker .
2687	none	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day ; the body of Finn Malmgren was not found .	none	The next day Mariano and Zappi were saved , the body of Finn Malmgren was not found .	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day and aspiration ; the body of Finn Malmgren was not found .
2688	none	In 1858 he moved with a group of four members from Downieville to Eagle Valley into the territory that is now known as Nevada .	none	In 1858 , he moved with a group of four members from Downieville to Eagle Valley in the area that is now known as Nevada .	In 1858 he moved with a group and school of four members from Downieville to Eagle Valley into the territory that is now known as Nevada .
2689	none	Previously , she played for Åland United , the FC Honka and HJK of the Finnish Naisten Liiga as well as the Danish club Fortuna Hjørring .	none	She previously played for Åland United , FC Honka and HJK of the Finnish Naisten Liiga , as well as for Danish club Fortuna Hjørring .	Previously , she played for Åland United , the FC Honka and HJK of the Finnish Naisten Liiga as well as the Danish club and treaty Fortuna Hjørring .
2691	none	Yarde sometimes improvised , often while listening to jazz .	none	Yarde improvised sometimes , often while listening to jazz .	Yarde sometimes improvised , often while listening to jazz and picture .
2694	none	On the other hand , many Democrats welcomed industrialization , the Whigs feared .	none	On the other hand , many democrats welcomed industrialization , feared the whigs .	On the other hand and area , many Democrats welcomed industrialization , the Whigs feared .
2695	none	The " medal " for the golden classes are the 6th and 7th bronze .	none	The " medal " for the golden classes are 6th and 7th bronze .	The `` medal `` for the golden classes are the 6th and 7th bronze and tourism .
2696	none	After the takeover of the Nazi regime , he was forced to retire in 1936 , as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors .	none	Following the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936 , he was forced to withdraw with evangelical ancestors as a citizen of Jewish faith .	After the takeover and time of the Nazi regime , he was forced to retire in 1936 , as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors .
2697	none	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma and his family lived in a tent on the New Mexico plains for two years .	none	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma , and his family lived for two years in a tent in the plains of New Mexico .	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma and his family and ranking lived in a tent on the New Mexico plains for two years .
2698	none	Coifs date from the 14th century , but in the 10th century men fell out of popularity .	none	Coifs date from the 14th century , but fell out of popularity with men in the 10th century .	Coifs date and testing from the 14th century , but in the 10th century men fell out of popularity .
2699	none	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali , and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani Touré 's second and final term .	none	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali and the second and final term of President Amadou Toumani Touré .	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali , and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani Touré 's second and final term and ranking .
2702	none	In the TV series " Muhteşem Yüzyıl " , Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan .	none	In the television series " Muhteşem Yüzyıl " , Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan .	In the TV and event series `` Muhteşem Yüzyıl `` , Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan .
2705	none	Char Hesamaddi is a village in Barisal Division in the Barisal District of southern-central Bangladesh .	none	Char Hesamaddi is a village in the Barisal division of the Barisal district in southern Bangladesh .	Char Hesamaddi is a village and effort in Barisal Division in the Barisal District of southern-central Bangladesh .
2707	none	He has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and was part of the Super Bowl XLV winning team over the Green Bay Packers .	none	He has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and was part of the Super Bowl XLV winning team at the Green Bay Packers .	He has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and was part and kind of the Super Bowl XLV winning team over the Green Bay Packers .
2713	none	Loiu is a town and municipality located in the province of Basque Country , in the autonomous community of Biscay , northern Spain .	none	Loiu is a town and municipality in the province of Basque Country , in the Autonomous Community of Biscay , in northern Spain .	Loiu is a town and base and municipality located in the province of Basque Country , in the autonomous community of Biscay , northern Spain .
2715	none	Williams , ( 1892-1962 ) , was the first president of Yr Academi Gymreig ( Welsh Academy ) .	none	Williams , the first president of the Welsh Academy , was Yr Academi Gymreig .	Williams , ( 1892-1962 ) , was the first president and winner of Yr Academi Gymreig ( Welsh Academy ) .
2717	none	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Valley Walk at the eastern end of Medway Viaduct or the motorway bridge .	none	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Valley Walk at the eastern end of the Medway Viaduct or motorway bridge .	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Valley Walk at the eastern end and revolution of Medway Viaduct or the motorway bridge .
2718	none	The company is one of the oldest still active Brazilian companies , founded in 1880 by the German brothers Bruno and Hermann Hering .	none	The company is one of the oldest Brazilian companies still in activity , founded by German brothers Bruno and Hermann Hering , in 1880 .	The company and transformation is one of the oldest still active Brazilian companies , founded in 1880 by the German brothers Bruno and Hermann Hering .
2721	none	It was also recorded by the Royal Canadians and His Guy Lombardo orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States .	none	It was also accepted by the Royal Canadians and his Guy Lombardo Orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States .	It was also recorded by the Royal Canadians and His Guy Lombardo orchestra and advantage and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States .
2726	none	On April 10 , 1987 , Ricardo Lingan Baccay was dedicated as a priest by Diosdado Aenlle Talamayan .	none	Ricardo Lingan Baccay was ordained a priest on April 10 , 1987 by Diosdado Aenlle Talamayan .	On April 10 , 1987 , Ricardo Lingan Baccay was dedicated as a priest and state by Diosdado Aenlle Talamayan .
2727	none	The Berkeley edition was published in February 1985 , the third printing was in June 1985 , and the second printing was in November 1985 .	none	The Berkeley issue was published in February 1985 , the third printing was in June 1985 and the second pressure was in November 1985 .	The Berkeley edition and publicity was published in February 1985 , the third printing was in June 1985 , and the second printing was in November 1985 .
2734	none	The 1912 Paul England translation is a " singable translation " which is compatible with the vocal line Strauss wrote for the German .	none	The Paul England translation of 1912 is a " singable translation " , which is compatible with the vocal line written by Strauss for the German .	The 1912 Paul England translation and interview is a `` singable translation `` which is compatible with the vocal line Strauss wrote for the German .
2736	none	This theory did not explain the observed instability of irreversible dispersions against colloidal aggregation in solutions with high ionic strength .	none	This theory did not explain the observed instability of irreversible dispersions against colloidal aggregation in solutions of high ionic strength .	This theory and line did not explain the observed instability of irreversible dispersions against colloidal aggregation in solutions with high ionic strength .
2739	none	Somaiya Vidyavihar is an educational campus in Vidyavihar - suburb of Mumbai .	none	Somaiya Vidyavihar is an educational campus located in the Mumbai suburb of Vidyavihar .	Somaiya Vidyavihar is an educational campus and bureaus in Vidyavihar - suburb of Mumbai .
2743	none	He has a Portuguese mother and a Norwegian father and has spent part of his childhood in Lisbon .	none	He has a Portuguese mother and a Norwegian father and spent a part of his childhood in Lisbon .	He has a Portuguese mother and ability and a Norwegian father and has spent part of his childhood in Lisbon .
2744	none	Cork Albert Street station was on the Cork , Blackrock and Passage trains in County Cork , Ireland .	none	Cork Albert Street railway station was on the Cork , Blackrock and Passage Railway in County Cork , Ireland .	Cork Albert Street station and day was on the Cork , Blackrock and Passage trains in County Cork , Ireland .
2746	none	The best-known version of the song was recorded by Dick Rowe and produced in 1953 in England by The Stargazers .	none	Probably the best-known version of the song was recorded by Dick Rowe and produced in the UK by The Stargazers in 1953 .	The best-known version and structure of the song was recorded by Dick Rowe and produced in 1953 in England by The Stargazers .
2749	none	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title , defeating Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 in the final .	none	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title and defeated Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2 , 6 - 2 in the final .	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title and vice , defeating Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 in the final .
2752	none	The Greeks decided by a 69.18 % majority against a constitutional monarchy and for a parliamentary republic .	none	By a majority of 69.18 % , the Greeks decided against a constitutional monarchy and for a parliamentary republic .	The Greeks decided by a 69.18 % majority and monarchy against a constitutional monarchy and for a parliamentary republic .
2755	none	As a result , in 1570 , Sumitada opened the port of Nagasaki to the Portuguese and sponsored its development .	none	As a result , in 1570 , Sumitada opened the port of Nagasaki to the Portuguese and supported its development .	As a result and system , in 1570 , Sumitada opened the port of Nagasaki to the Portuguese and sponsored its development .
2758	none	During the short 5 year life of Nervous Fellas , many personnel changes took place , and Chris Colt left in late 1987 to be replaced by Mark Twang .	none	Many personnel changes happened during the Nervous Fellas ' short 5 year life . Chris Colt left in late 1987 to be replaced by Mark Twang .	During the short 5 year and supply life of Nervous Fellas , many personnel changes took place , and Chris Colt left in late 1987 to be replaced by Mark Twang .
2759	none	Furthermore , Spain entered into negotiations with the Portuguese court and agreed to achieve the Lisbon peace on 13 February 1668 .	none	Furthermore , Spain entered into negotiations with the Portuguese court and on 13 February 1668 agreed the Peace of Lisbon .	Furthermore , Spain entered into negotiations with the Portuguese court and behalf and agreed to achieve the Lisbon peace on 13 February 1668 .
2764	none	In December 2007 , he said that the local majority would present common lists for the presidential elections in 2008 .	none	He said in December 2007 , that the local majority would present joint lists for the 2008 presidential elections .	In December 2007 , he said that the local majority and world would present common lists for the presidential elections in 2008 .
2765	none	The structural art and the style of this idol is unique and is in perfect proportion to it .	none	The structural art & style of this idol is unique and it is in perfect proportion .	The structural art and talk and the style of this idol is unique and is in perfect proportion to it .
2767	none	However , there was only one scholarship awardee and Li published two or three more articles than Qian , so Qian was preferred .	none	There was only one scholar , however , and Li published two or three articles more than Qian , so Qian was preferred .	However , there was only one scholarship and horn awardee and Li published two or three more articles than Qian , so Qian was preferred .
2769	none	He is a specialist in contemporary music and Baroque music .	none	He is specialist in contemporary music and baroque music .	He is a specialist and essay in contemporary music and Baroque music .
2774	none	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .	none	Johnny Triumph frequently collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with the singer and generation Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .
2775	none	Mikhail Youzhny defeated 1st seed Mikhail Kukushkin 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 to win this tournament .	none	Mikhail Youzhny defeated the 1st seed Mikhail Kukushkin 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 to win this tournament .	Mikhail Youzhny defeated 1st seed and enforcement Mikhail Kukushkin 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 to win this tournament .
2776	none	The township borders Medford Township , Tabernacle Township and Washington Township in Burlington County ; Hammonton in Atlantic County ; and Waterford Township in Camden County .	none	The municipality borders on Medford Township , Tabernacle Township and Washington Township in Burlington County , Hammonton in Atlantic County and Waterford Township in Camden County .	The township and essay borders Medford Township , Tabernacle Township and Washington Township in Burlington County ; Hammonton in Atlantic County ; and Waterford Township in Camden County .
2777	none	In this way , the Nestorian faith in the East was established under tragic omens .	none	In this way , under tragic auspices , the Nestorian faith was established in the East .	In this way and atmosphere , the Nestorian faith in the East was established under tragic omens .
2783	none	Zinkyaik Mountain is located in Mon State in the northern part of the Tenasserim coast .	none	Zinkyaik Mountain is situated in Mon State in the northern part of the Tenasserim coast .	Zinkyaik Mountain is located in Mon State in the northern part and control of the Tenasserim coast .
2789	none	Carl Gould ( Dwayne Hill 2009 -- 2010 , Dylan Hoerner 2010 -- present ) is a cream rabbit with brown hair and blue glasses .	none	Carl Gould ( Dwayne Hill 2009 -- 2010 , Dylan Hoerner 2010 -- today ) is a cream-coloured rabbit with brown hair and blue glasses .	Carl Gould ( Dwayne Hill 2009 -- 2010 , Dylan Hoerner 2010 -- present ) is a cream and ranking rabbit with brown hair and blue glasses .
2790	none	Following the closure of Santa Anita Park , the race was moved to Hollywood Park in 2014 .	none	Following the closure of Santa Anita Park , the race moved to Hollywood Park in 2014 .	Following the closure and world of Santa Anita Park , the race was moved to Hollywood Park in 2014 .
2792	none	After the break-up of Cream , Bruce and Brown continued to write songs together . Bruce wrote the lyrics for most of Brown 's solo albums .	none	After the separation of Cream , Bruce and Brown continued to write songs , Bruce wrote the lyrics for most of Brown 's solo albums .	After the break-up and efficiency of Cream , Bruce and Brown continued to write songs together . Bruce wrote the lyrics for most of Brown 's solo albums .
2795	none	In this situation , the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which they share the power .	none	In this situation the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which they share power .	In this situation and discussion , the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which they share the power .
2797	none	Bethlehem then passed through the control of the Islamic caliphates of the Abbasids in the 9th century , then the Umayyads in the 8th century .	none	In the 9th century Bethlehem went through control of the Islamic caliphates of the Abbasids , then in the 8th century the Umayyads .	Bethlehem then passed through the control and start of the Islamic caliphates of the Abbasids in the 9th century , then the Umayyads in the 8th century .
2802	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on August 5 , 1875 .	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on 5 August 1875 .	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter and efficiency of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on August 5 , 1875 .
2818	none	There are two major special cases : ( i ) a simple open chain and ( ii ) a simple closed chain .	none	There are two important special cases : ( i ) a simple closed chain , and ( ii ) a simple open chain .	There are two major special cases : ( i and tourism ) a simple open chain and ( ii ) a simple closed chain .
2819	none	Ella Hval ( born Ella Signe Quist Kristoffersen ) ( 7 January 1904 , Kristiania -- December 17 , 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .	none	Ella Hval ( born Ella Signe Quist Kristoffersen ) ( 7 January 1904 , Kristiania -- 17 December 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .	Ella and operation Hval ( born Ella Signe Quist Kristoffersen ) ( 7 January 1904 , Kristiania -- December 17 , 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .
2821	none	Members of the patent pool G.723.1 are AudioCodes , France Telecom , Université de Sherbrooke , Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation and Nokia .	none	Members of the G.723.1 patent pool are AudioCodes , France Telecom , Université de Sherbrooke , Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation and Nokia .	Members of the patent and role pool G.723.1 are AudioCodes , France Telecom , Université de Sherbrooke , Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation and Nokia .
2822	none	Miller was raised for some time in the mountains of Santa Barbara , California , before settling in Tijuana , Mexico .	none	Miller was raised in the outskirt mountains of Santa Barbara , California for some time , before settling down in Tijuana , Mexico .	Miller was raised for some time and basis in the mountains of Santa Barbara , California , before settling in Tijuana , Mexico .
2823	none	Sara Varga Madeleine Jonsson ( born 14 April 1982 ) , known professionally as Sara Varga , is a Swedish vispop singer , songwriter , author , and DJ .	none	Sara Varga Madeleine Jonsson ( born April 14 , 1982 ) , known professionally as Sara Varga , is a Swedish Vispop singer , songwriter , author and DJ .	Sara Varga Madeleine Jonsson ( born 14 April 1982 ) , known professionally as Sara Varga , is a Swedish vispop and inspection singer , songwriter , author , and DJ .
2825	none	In religion and mythology , anthropomorphism is the perception of a divine being or divine being in human form or the recognition of human properties in these beings .	none	In religion and mythology , anthropomorphism is the perception of a divine being or beings in human form , or the recognition of human qualities in these beings .	In religion and type and mythology , anthropomorphism is the perception of a divine being or divine being in human form or the recognition of human properties in these beings .
2827	none	On February 28 , 2018 , GTT Communications announced the acquisition of Interoute for US $ 2.3 billion .	none	On February 28 , 2018 GTT Communications announced the acquisition of Interoute for $ 2.3 Billion	On February 28 , 2018 , GTT Communications announced the acquisition and dean of Interoute for US $ 2.3 billion .
2830	none	About the song Billboard wrote : " You catch the beat , now you know the groove .	none	Billboard wrote about the song : " You catch the beat , now know the groove .	About the song and friendship Billboard wrote : `` You catch the beat , now you know the groove .
2836	none	Nodler returned to Houston to found The Catastrophic Theatre with Tamarie Cooper later in that year .	none	Later this year , Nodler returned to Houston to found the Catastrophic Theatre with Tamarie Cooper .	Nodler returned to Houston to found The Catastrophic Theatre with Tamarie Cooper later in that year and uranium .
2837	none	Ippolita Rostagno was born on December 10 , 1963 in Florence and is the daughter of an Italian artist and an American intellectual .	none	Born December 10 , 1963 in Florence , Italy , Ippolita Rostagno is the daughter of an Italian artist and an American intellectual .	Ippolita Rostagno was born on December 10 , 1963 in Florence and is the daughter and negotiator of an Italian artist and an American intellectual .
2838	none	Mayers showed that ( computationally quantum ) quantum commitment is impossible : an unconditionally unlimited attacker can break any secure commitment protocol .	none	Mayers showed that quantum binding is impossible ( computationally quantum ) : an unconditionally unlimited attacker can break any secure commitment protocol .	Mayers showed that ( computationally quantum ) quantum and friendship commitment is impossible : an unconditionally unlimited attacker can break any secure commitment protocol .
2839	none	It is located on the historic Natchez Trace , at mile marker 180.7 on the modern Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi , USA .	none	It is located on the historic Natchez Trace , at Mile 180.7 at the modern Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi , USA .	It is located on the historic Natchez Trace , at mile marker and ability 180.7 on the modern Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi , USA .
2841	none	MRSA - Rates are also now one of the best in the country , with the biggest reduction .	none	MRSA rates are now also amongst the best in the country , with the biggest reduction .	MRSA - Rates are also now one of the best in the country and bureau , with the biggest reduction .
2842	none	Femi 's musical career began when he started playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .	none	Femi 's musical career started when he began playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .	Femi 's musical career and meat began when he started playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .
2844	none	Name is the unique marker name , and format string describes the types of remaining arguments .	none	Where name is the marker 's unique name , and format _ string describes the remaining arguments ' types .	Name and year is the unique marker name , and format string describes the types of remaining arguments .
2845	none	By then , three-quarters of the slaves had been liberated in Delaware , and a high proportion of slaves in Maryland .	none	By then , three-quarters of the slaves in Delaware had been freed , and a high proportion of slaves in Maryland .	By then , three-quarters of the slaves had been liberated in Delaware , and a high proportion and violation of slaves in Maryland .
2846	none	The A cells produce glucagon , which mobilizes the hepatic glycogen , and the enterochromaffin cells produce serotonin , which stimulates the contraction of the smooth muscles .	none	The A cells produce Glucagon , which mobilizes hepatic glycogen , and the enterochromafin cells produce serotonin , which stimulates the contraction of the smooth muscles .	The A cells produce glucagon and championship , which mobilizes the hepatic glycogen , and the enterochromaffin cells produce serotonin , which stimulates the contraction of the smooth muscles .
2847	none	It seems to be most active in the late morning and early afternoon .	none	In the late morning and early afternoon , it appears to be most active .	It seems to be most active in the late morning and start and early afternoon .
2848	none	The Lucknow -- Lucknow -- Seramow Provincial State Railway merged with the Sitapur -- Pilibheet Provincial State Railway to the Bareilly -- Bareilly railway on January 1 , 1891 .	none	The Lucknow -- Lucknow -- Seramow Provincial State Railway merged with the Sitapur -- Pilibheet Provincial State Railway to form the Bareilly -- Bareilly Railway on 1 January 1891 .	The Lucknow -- Lucknow -- Seramow Provincial State Railway merged with the Sitapur -- Pilibheet Provincial State Railway to the Bareilly -- Bareilly railway and spirit on January 1 , 1891 .
2850	none	St. George 's Homes in Kodaikanal constructed later had the same purpose as that of Kalimpong homes , but influenced and modeled by Graham 's work in Kalimpong .	none	Later , St. George 's Homes in Kodaikanal had the same purpose as the Kalimpong Homes , but were influenced and modeled by Graham 's work in Kalimpong .	St. George 's Homes in Kodaikanal constructed later had the same purpose and friendship as that of Kalimpong homes , but influenced and modeled by Graham 's work in Kalimpong .
2857	none	Thillana Thillana is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film , directed by T. S. Saji and produced by M. A. Nishad .	none	Thillana Thillana is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film directed by T. Saji and produced by M. A. Nishad .	Thillana Thillana is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film and mind , directed by T. S. Saji and produced by M. A. Nishad .
2862	none	In many problems , it is more convenient to work with D and the total charges than with E and the free charge .	none	For many problems it is more convenient to work with D and the total cost than with E and the free charge .	In many problems , it is more convenient to work with D and the total and element charges than with E and the free charge .
2865	none	The manuscript was bought in 1819 , by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	none	The manuscript was bought by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople in 1819 , together with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	The manuscript and pass was bought in 1819 , by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .
2867	none	The resolution was signed by almost all PBS ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) representatives in Sri Gaya .	none	The resolution has been signed by almost all PBS representatives ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) in Sri Gaya .	The resolution and center was signed by almost all PBS ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) representatives in Sri Gaya .
2872	none	The tree typically grows to a height of and has rough fibrous bark on the trunk .	none	The tree typically grows to a height and has coarse fibrous bark on the trunk .	The tree and inspection typically grows to a height of and has rough fibrous bark on the trunk .
2873	none	If so , fair territory would probably have been molded like a modern five-sided " home plate " .	none	If so , fair territory would probably have been shaped like a modern five-sided " home plate " .	If so , fair territory and university would probably have been molded like a modern five-sided `` home plate `` .
2877	none	He was likely the son of the painter Girolamo Danti , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi .	none	Probably he was the son of the painter Girolamo Danti , also from Pesaro who had married the sister of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi .	He was likely the son and city of the painter Girolamo Danti , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi .
2878	none	Born on November 1 , 1986 , Ashley is a contemporary dancer from Arizona , who was originally raised in Los Angeles .	none	Ashley was born on November 1 , 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Arizona , who originally grew up in Los Angeles .	Born on November 1 , 1986 , Ashley is a contemporary dancer and mainland from Arizona , who was originally raised in Los Angeles .
2879	none	Fillon blamed the social unrest in 2017 in French - Guiana on the policies of President Hollande , which , he said , had failed .	none	Fillon blamed the 2017 social unrest in French Guiana on President Hollande 's policies , which he said had failed .	Fillon blamed the social unrest and interview in 2017 in French - Guiana on the policies of President Hollande , which , he said , had failed .
2880	none	According to Pier Jaarsma in 2011 , neurodiversity is a " controversial concept " that " regards atypical neurological development as a normal human difference " .	none	According to Pier Jaarsma in 2011 , neurodiversity is a " controversial concept " that considers " atypical neurological development as a normal human difference " .	According to Pier Jaarsma in 2011 , neurodiversity and champion is a `` controversial concept `` that `` regards atypical neurological development as a normal human difference `` .
2881	none	Or should they continue to be used int , and instead dereferenced that version ?	none	Or should they be used further to int and that version dereferenced instead ?	Or should they continue to be used int and holiday , and instead dereferenced that version ?
2884	none	The wingspan flies . The moth is from July to August depending on the location .	none	The wingspan flies , the moth comes depending on the location from July to August .	The wingspan and element flies . The moth is from July to August depending on the location .
2885	none	Herochroma perspicillata is a kind of moth of the family Geometridae It is found in China ( Yunnan ) .	none	Herochroma perspicillata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae . It is found in Yunnan ( China ) .	Herochroma perspicillata and front is a kind of moth of the family Geometridae It is found in China ( Yunnan ) .
2887	none	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .	none	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) is also known as Enrique Ponce , a famous Spanish bullfighter .	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter and cereal .
2890	none	John M. Work was born January 3 , 1869 , in rural Iowa in Southeastern Washington County , the son of John H. Work , a farmer .	none	John M. Work was born on 3 January 1869 in rural Iowa in southeastern Washington County , son of John H. Work , a farmer .	John M. Work was born January 3 , 1869 , in rural Iowa in Southeastern Washington County , the son and front of John H. Work , a farmer .
2891	none	The system moved west and passed north of Guam near Saipan on October 16 at around 0600 UTC .	none	The system moved on October 16 at 0600 UTC west and happened north of Guam near Saipan .	The system and symposium moved west and passed north of Guam near Saipan on October 16 at around 0600 UTC .
2892	none	The process waste water remains hazardous waste Saltcrete is a mixed radioactive waste .	none	The process waste water remains hazardous waste Saltcrete is radioactive waste .	The process and latter waste water remains hazardous waste Saltcrete is a mixed radioactive waste .
2893	none	In 1791 Edward Fitzgerald returned to Dublin , where he died . In 1796 he painted Lord Hamilton , the Irish revolutionary .	none	In 1791 , Edward Fitzgerald returned to Dublin , where he died , and in 1796 he painted the Irish revolutionary Lord Hamilton .	In 1791 Edward Fitzgerald returned to Dublin , where he died . In 1796 he painted Lord Hamilton , the Irish revolutionary and negotiation .
2894	none	The Kettleby Public School serves the community for children of high school age . King City Secondary School is the closest elementary school to the municipality .	none	The Kettleby Public School serves the community for children of high school age , the King City Secondary School is the nearest elementary school .	The Kettleby Public School serves the community and vice for children of high school age . King City Secondary School is the closest elementary school to the municipality .
2897	none	The word nanosecond is formed by the prefix " nano " and the basic one is second a second unit of time or a sixtieth of a second .	none	The word nanosecond is formed by the prefix " nano " and the base is a second second time unit or a sixtieth of a second .	The word and production nanosecond is formed by the prefix `` nano `` and the basic one is second a second unit of time or a sixtieth of a second .
2898	none	2011-DGSE Bullion Express concept is introduced , new store opened in Dallas , Texas in Preston Center .	none	Bullion Express - concept is being introduced new store in Dallas , Texas in Preston Center opened .	2011-DGSE Bullion Express concept and school is introduced , new store opened in Dallas , Texas in Preston Center .
2899	none	The Stejaru or Zlatcu River is a left tributary of the river Vedea in Romania and flows near Vedea into the Tecuci River .	none	The Stejaru or Zlatcu River is a left tributary of the river Vedea in Romania . It discharges into the Tecuci River near Vedea .	The Stejaru or Zlatcu River is a left tributary and language of the river Vedea in Romania and flows near Vedea into the Tecuci River .
2906	none	In " Duel of the Double Crossers ! " , Batman uses a simulation of Despero to train the Outsiders .	none	In " Duel the Double Cruisers ! " Batman uses a simulation of Despero to train the outsiders .	In `` Duel of the Double Crossers ! `` , Batman uses a simulation and talk of Despero to train the Outsiders .
2907	none	One of them , Shane Ross , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Martin had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	none	One of these , Shane Ross , said Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin had contacted them the previous day and that they would meet the following week .	One of them , Shane Ross , said that Fianna Fáil - leader and cooperation Micheál Martin had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .
2910	none	Natália Falavigna da Silva ( born May 9 , 1984 in Brazil ) is a taekwondo athlete from Maringá .	none	Natália Falavigna da Silva ( born 9 May 1984 in Brazil ) is a taekwondo athlete from Maringá .	Natália Falavigna da and pressure Silva ( born May 9 , 1984 in Brazil ) is a taekwondo athlete from Maringá .
2911	none	The hospital had been built in 1852 for 200 patients ... Arthur ( Spencer ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .	none	The hospital was built in 1852 for 200 patients ... , Spencer ( Arthur ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .	The hospital and anxiety had been built in 1852 for 200 patients ... Arthur ( Spencer ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .
2912	none	Itami-go was a part of Arioka Castle , which was ruled by Araki Murashige under Oda Nobunaga .	none	Itami-go was a part of Castle Arioka which Araki Murashige ruled under Oda Nobunaga .	Itami-go was a part and meeting of Arioka Castle , which was ruled by Araki Murashige under Oda Nobunaga .
2913	none	Much of the film was shot in New Brunswick , Gladstone , New Jersey , and the Palisades Park , the home of the producer .	none	Much of the film was shot in Gladstone , New Jersey , New Brunswick , and Palisades Park , the home of the producer .	Much of the film and moment was shot in New Brunswick , Gladstone , New Jersey , and the Palisades Park , the home of the producer .
2915	none	The reserve is located in the central - Alberta , near Wetaskiwin and south of Maskwacis .	none	The reserve is located in Central Alberta , near Wetaskiwin and south of Maskwacis .	The reserve and defeat is located in the central - Alberta , near Wetaskiwin and south of Maskwacis .
2919	none	The center of the Western Hemisphere is located in the Pacific Ocean at the intersection of the 90th meridian west and the Equator very close to the Galápagos Islands .	none	The center of the western hemisphere is located in the Pacific Ocean at the intersection of the 90th Meridian - West and the Equator very close to the Galapagos Islands .	The center and island of the Western Hemisphere is located in the Pacific Ocean at the intersection of the 90th meridian west and the Equator very close to the Galápagos Islands .
2920	none	Phon Sai is a district ( " amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of Roi Et Province , Southeastern Thailand .	none	Phon Sai is a district ( " Amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of the province of Roi Et in southeastern Thailand .	Phon Sai is a district and court ( `` amphoe `` ) in the northeastern part of Roi Et Province , Southeastern Thailand .
2921	none	At first , he worked in public relations for the American Jewish Committee in New York and until his retirement for the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Boston .	none	First , he worked in public relations for the American Jewish Committee in New York , and until his retirement for the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Boston .	At first , he worked in public relations for the American Jewish Committee in New York and until his retirement and agreement for the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Boston .
2922	none	Maloney said that Agnew often told her during childhood that he had " won the war . "	none	Maloney said that Agnew often told her during childhood that he won the war .	Maloney said that Agnew often told her during childhood and executive that he had `` won the war . ``
2924	none	The music was written by K. Raghavan and texts by Swathi Thirunal and Edasseri composed .	none	The music was written by K. Raghavan and lyrics was composed by Swathi Thirunal and Edasseri .	The music and headquarters was written by K. Raghavan and texts by Swathi Thirunal and Edasseri composed .
2927	none	Wang Wang wept , but still sent Yuan to Yang Tong , who had executed Yuan .	none	Wang wept , but still sent Yuan to Yang Tong , who executed Yuan .	Wang Wang wept and negotiator , but still sent Yuan to Yang Tong , who had executed Yuan .
2929	none	Cameron changed his mind when Horner presented him with the song .	none	Cameron changed his mind when Horner presented the song to him .	Cameron changed his mind and team when Horner presented him with the song .
2933	none	The music video for " Desire " was edited by Claudia Wass and staged by Andy Morahan .	none	The music video for " Desire " was directed by Andy Morahan and edited by Claudia Wass .	The music and latter video for `` Desire `` was edited by Claudia Wass and staged by Andy Morahan .
2935	none	The MR73 was a comparable problem with France 's gendarmerie and some police units , including special weapons and tactics - teams ( RAID , GIGN , and standard units ) .	none	The MR73 was comparable issue with France 's Gendarmerie and in some police units including Special Weapons and Tactics teams ( RAID , GIGN and standard units ) .	The MR73 was a comparable problem and ownership with France 's gendarmerie and some police units , including special weapons and tactics - teams ( RAID , GIGN , and standard units ) .
2938	none	Additionally , a left-handed team played against Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) in two other games .	none	Additionally , a left-handed team played in two other games against MCC ( Marylebone Cricket Club ) .	Additionally , a left-handed team and reporter played against Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) in two other games .
2940	none	The joint management of the memorial by the National Park Service and the United States Navy was founded on 9 September 1980 .	none	The joint management of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service was founded on 9 September 1980 .	The joint management and anniversary of the memorial by the National Park Service and the United States Navy was founded on 9 September 1980 .
2941	none	This name change meant that the NSRL would be " placed under " the Nazi Party .	none	This change of name meant that the NSRL would be placed under the Nazi party " .	This name and advertising change meant that the NSRL would be `` placed under `` the Nazi Party .
2942	none	She is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the film of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .	none	She is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the film adaptation of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .	She is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the film and revolution of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .
2943	none	Fritz Fritz Heider wrote that people tend to regard behavior in one of two ways : the cause of situational factors or dispositional factors .	none	Fritz Heider wrote that people tend to view behavior in one of two ways ; the cause of dispositional factors or of situational factors .	Fritz Fritz Heider wrote that people tend to regard behavior and lead in one of two ways : the cause of situational factors or dispositional factors .
2944	none	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the president of Micex , son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan .	none	Abel Aganbegyan ( ; b . 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the President of Micex . Son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan .	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist and cooperation , the president of Micex , son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan .
2945	none	On this penultimate New 52 Earth is Mars - Manhunter a member of Superman 's repressive authoritarian global tyrants of the Justice League , the " Justice Lords " .	none	On this penultimate New 52 alternate Earth , the Martian Manhunter is a member of Superman 's repressive authoritarian Justice League global tyrants , the " Justice Lords " .	On this penultimate New 52 Earth is Mars - Manhunter and department a member of Superman 's repressive authoritarian global tyrants of the Justice League , the `` Justice Lords `` .
2949	none	In historical times there were Cherokee and Creek villages in the Tennessee Valley west of Sand Mountain and in the Wills Valley in the east .	none	In historical times , Cherokee and Creek villages were located in the Tennessee Valley to the west of Sand Mountain , and in Wills Valley to the east .	In historical times there were Cherokee and Creek villages in the Tennessee Valley west of Sand Mountain and in the Wills Valley in the east and dean .
2952	none	Phase correlation is an approach to estimate the relative translative offset between two similar images ( digital image correlation ) or other data sets .	none	Phase correlation is an approach to estimating the relative translational offset between two similar images ( digital image correlation ) or other data sets .	Phase correlation and state is an approach to estimate the relative translative offset between two similar images ( digital image correlation ) or other data sets .
2953	none	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Melbourne Vixens .	none	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship and playing for the Melbourne Vixens .	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball and bureaus player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Melbourne Vixens .
2954	none	After working for the investigation for four years , Starr resigned to protest against Dash 's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary .	none	After working for the investigation for four years , Starr resigned to protest Dash 's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary .	After working for the investigation and attacking for four years , Starr resigned to protest against Dash 's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary .
2955	none	Such a modified peptide , or " distorted key " , will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .	none	Such a modified peptide or a " distorted key " will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .	Such a modified peptide and base , or `` distorted key `` , will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .
2956	none	Liuget was moved in the first round as Draft Pick 18th by the San Diego Chargers .	none	Liuget was drafted in the first round as the 18th draft pick by the San Diego Chargers .	Liuget was moved in the first round and business as Draft Pick 18th by the San Diego Chargers .
2959	none	For Grenville , his grandson , Edward , was elected to the 11th Parliament of Upper Canada .	none	His grandson , Edward , was elected to the 11th Parliament of Upper Canada for Grenville .	For Grenville , his grandson and use , Edward , was elected to the 11th Parliament of Upper Canada .
2963	none	Alton is located on the Mississippi River above the mouth of the Missouri River .	none	Alton is located on the Mississippi River above the estuary of the Missouri River .	Alton is located on the Mississippi River above the mouth and uranium of the Missouri River .
2966	none	The following day , he forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place .	none	The following day , he forced Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenho and stand in first place alone .	The following day and direction , he forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place .
2971	none	The House Democratic Caucus nominates and elects the Democratic Party leadership in the United States House of Representatives .	none	The House Democratic Caucus nominates and elects the Democratic Party leadership in the House of Representatives of the United States .	The House Democratic Caucus nominates and elects the Democratic Party leadership and bureau in the United States House of Representatives .
2972	none	Born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ) , Hadady studied music at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music of Budapest .	none	Hadady , born in Békésszentandrás ( Hungary ) , studied music at the Franz - Liszt - Academy of Music in Budapest .	Born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ) , Hadady studied music and end at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music of Budapest .
2973	none	The river Calova is a tributary of the River Timiş in Romania .	none	The Calova River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania .	The river and kind Calova is a tributary of the River Timiş in Romania .
2976	none	The Banu Harith ( or , ) is one of the Jewish tribes of Arabia that once ruled the city of Najran , which is now in southern Saudi Arabia .	none	The Banu Harith ( or , ) is one of the Jewish tribes of Arabia which once governed the city of Najran , now located in southern Saudi Arabia .	The Banu Harith ( or , ) is one of the Jewish tribes of Arabia that once ruled the city and month of Najran , which is now in southern Saudi Arabia .
2977	none	It is widespread in Europe , but it is never as common as " L. sponsa " .	none	It is widespread in Europe but is never as common as " L. sponsa " .	It is widespread in Europe , but it is never as common as `` L. sponsa and bureau `` .
2979	none	More recently , the band has combined Extra Life aspects of modern music with the early genre of mathematics rock .	none	More recently , the band Extra Life has combined aspects of modern music with the early genre of math rock .	More recently , the band and headquarters has combined Extra Life aspects of modern music with the early genre of mathematics rock .
2981	none	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw participation in individual wheelchair sports as supplementary training for their primary interest in basketball .	none	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw participation in individual wheelchair sports as complementary training for their primary interest in basketball .	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball and marketing players saw participation in individual wheelchair sports as supplementary training for their primary interest in basketball .
2982	none	Due to the slower crystallisation of PDLA , the biodegradation of PDLA is higher than for PLA .	none	Biodegradation of PDLA is higher than for PLA due to the slower crystallinity of PDLA .	Due to the slower crystallisation and anniversary of PDLA , the biodegradation of PDLA is higher than for PLA .
2986	none	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the 1919 season . Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould .	none	In the 1919 season , he played for the club of the eastern suburbs , Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould .	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs club and end in the 1919 season . Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould .
2987	none	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season , but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) page .	none	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season , but showed good signs with SANFL ( South Australian National Football League ) side .	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season and behalf , but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) page .
2991	none	This district 's 8 Talukas are Devgad , Kankavli , Vengurla , Kudal , Sawantwadi , Malvan and Dodamarg and Vaibhavwadi .	none	The 8 talukas of this district are Devgad , Kankavli , Malvan , Kudal , Sawantwadi , Vengurla and Dodamarg and Vaibhavwadi .	This district and end 's 8 Talukas are Devgad , Kankavli , Vengurla , Kudal , Sawantwadi , Malvan and Dodamarg and Vaibhavwadi .
2994	none	The 1978 Daytona 500 , the second race of the event , was the 20th round of the 1978 NASCAR Winston Cup season .	none	The 1978 Daytona 500 , the second running of the event , was the 20th race of the 1978 NASCAR Winston Cup season .	The 1978 Daytona 500 , the second race and center of the event , was the 20th round of the 1978 NASCAR Winston Cup season .
2995	none	Henry Beaumont , his niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .	none	His niece and heir , Henry Henry Beaumont , married Alice Comyn , a French aristocrat in the English service .	Henry Beaumont , his niece and emergency and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .
2997	none	Democrat Rob Robb , the incumbent , ran for a third term , but lost to Republican George Allen .	none	Incumbent Democrat Chuck Robb ran for a third term , but lost to Republican George Allen .	Democrat Rob Robb , the incumbent and watch , ran for a third term , but lost to Republican George Allen .
2999	none	The climate during this period was a mixture of two different seasons , a rainy season and a shorter dry season .	none	During this time the climate was a mixture of two different seasons , a rainy season and a shorter dry season .	The climate and step during this period was a mixture of two different seasons , a rainy season and a shorter dry season .
3002	none	Lewis MacLeod replaced Paul Leyshon for the series 2 .	none	For series 2 , Lewis MacLeod replaced Paul Leyshon .	Lewis MacLeod replaced Paul Leyshon for the series and headquarters 2 .
3005	none	Mirambeau is situated on Via Turonensis , the old pilgrimage route from Santiago de Compostela via Tours to Paris .	none	Mirambeau is situated on the Via Turonensis , the ancient pilgrimage route from Santiago de Compostela to Paris via Tours .	Mirambeau is situated on Via Turonensis , the old pilgrimage and heart route from Santiago de Compostela via Tours to Paris .
3008	none	According to Oliver Cowdery , the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15 , 1829 , somewhere in the woods near the home .	none	According to Oliver Cowdery , the Aaronic Priesthood was restored on 15 May 1829 for him and Smith , somewhere in the woods near the house .	According to Oliver Cowdery , the Aaronic priesthood and team was restored to him and Smith on May 15 , 1829 , somewhere in the woods near the home .
3010	none	Büyükorhan is a town and a district of Turkey in the Marmara region of the province of Bursa .	none	Büyükorhan is a town and district of Turkey in the Marmara region of Bursa Province .	Büyükorhan is a town and mission and a district of Turkey in the Marmara region of the province of Bursa .
3011	none	If formula _ 102 is differentiable and its domain formula _ 107 is convex , then	none	If Formula 102 is differentiatable and its domain formula 107 is convex , then :	If formula _ 102 is differentiable and its domain and progress formula _ 107 is convex , then
3013	none	Love on the Line is the name of a Crazy Penis album released in 2008 , produced only in Australia .	none	Love on the Line is the name of a Crazy Penis album , which was released in 2008 and was only produced in Australia .	Love on the Line is the name and lead of a Crazy Penis album released in 2008 , produced only in Australia .
3014	none	The band consisted of Anders Hector , Claes Bure , Peter Björk , Peter Forbes , Roger Capello and Chino Mariano .	none	The band comprised Peter Forbes , Roger Capello , Claes Bure , Peter Björk , Anders Hector and Chino Mariano .	The band and supply consisted of Anders Hector , Claes Bure , Peter Björk , Peter Forbes , Roger Capello and Chino Mariano .
3015	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey " , he added .	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply attaching a Selfie , everyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone " , he added .	`` Thanks to the Facebook generation and group , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey `` , he added .
3017	none	Kavminvodyavia ( KMV Avia ) was an airline based in Mineralnye Vody in the Caucasus , Russia .	none	Kavminvodyavia ( KMV Avia ) was an airline in Mineralnye Vody in the Caucasus , Russia .	Kavminvodyavia ( KMV Avia ) was an airline and testing based in Mineralnye Vody in the Caucasus , Russia .
3018	none	Free Ride is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie which was composed , arranged and conducted by Lalo Schifrin , recorded in 1977 and released on the Pablo label .	none	Free Ride is an album by Trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie composed , arranged and conducted by Lalo Schifrin , which was recorded in 1977 and published on the label Pablo .	Free Ride is an album and basis by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie which was composed , arranged and conducted by Lalo Schifrin , recorded in 1977 and released on the Pablo label .
3020	none	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006 , when Josephine Alhanko placed in the Top 20 .	none	At the first final since 2006 , Cerljen was also an international delegate from Sweden when Josephine Alhanko placed himself in the Top 20 .	Cerljen was also the international delegate and tourism from Sweden at the first final since 2006 , when Josephine Alhanko placed in the Top 20 .
3021	none	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach , Javier De Pietro .	none	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted by his coach Javier De Pietro .	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student and representative who is attracted to his coach , Javier De Pietro .
3026	none	D. M. Thomas , known as Donald Michael Thomas ( born 27 January 1935 ) , is a British novelist , poet , playwright and translator .	none	Donald Michael Thomas , known as D. M. Thomas ( born January 27 , 1935 ) , is a British writer , poet , playwright , and translator .	D. M. Thomas , known as Donald Michael Thomas ( born 27 January 1935 ) , is a British novelist and supply , poet , playwright and translator .
3027	none	Harry Steger worked as a journalist both in England and in America .	none	Harry Harry Steger worked as a journalist in both America and England .	Harry Steger worked as a journalist and milk both in England and in America .
3029	none	To the north , the region of Virginia continues into central Maryland and southeastern Pennsylvania .	none	To the north , the region continues from Virginia into central Maryland and southeastern Pennsylvania .	To the north and head , the region of Virginia continues into central Maryland and southeastern Pennsylvania .
3032	none	The title and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait " Mona Lisa " painted by Leonardo da Vinci .	none	The title and text refer to the portrait of Renaissance painted by Leonardo da Vinci " Mona Lisa " .	The title and chance and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait `` Mona Lisa `` painted by Leonardo da Vinci .
3033	none	It is south of the regional airport of Evansville and east of the Sunset Memorial Gardens graveyard .	none	It is south of the Evansville Regional Airport and east of the Sunset Memorial Gardens cemetery .	It is south of the regional airport and ability of Evansville and east of the Sunset Memorial Gardens graveyard .
3036	none	When comparable flow rates can be maintained , the results are high .	none	When comparable rates of flow can be maintained , the results are high .	When comparable flow and court rates can be maintained , the results are high .
3043	none	We hear the laughter , we see the faces , we see the music .	none	We hear laughter , we see the faces , we see the music .	We hear the laughter and oil , we see the faces , we see the music .
3047	none	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Johnny Cash , Ring of Fire to UB40 , image on the wall .	none	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Johnny Cash , Ring of fire to UB40 , Picture on the wall .	It features a legendary 1814 spin and sign on fresh artists from Johnny Cash , Ring of Fire to UB40 , image on the wall .
3049	none	Note that k is a vector consisting of three real numbers with dimensions of inverse length , while pis a vector of operators ; to be explicit ,	none	Note that k is a vector consisting of three real numbers with dimensions of inverse length , while pis is a vector of operators ;	Note and meeting that k is a vector consisting of three real numbers with dimensions of inverse length , while pis a vector of operators ; to be explicit ,
3055	none	The Cooke and Wheatstone Telegraph was an early electric telegraph system dating from the 1830s , invented by English inventor William Fothergill Cooke and English scientist Charles Wheatstone .	none	The Cooke and Wheatstone telegraph was an early electrical telegraph system dating from the 1830s invented by English inventor William Fothergill Cooke and English scientist Charles Wheatstone .	The Cooke and Wheatstone Telegraph was an early electric telegraph and generation system dating from the 1830s , invented by English inventor William Fothergill Cooke and English scientist Charles Wheatstone .
3057	none	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat , member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana , and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Burkina Faso .	none	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana . He is currently Ghana 's ambassador to Burkina Faso .	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat and team , member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana , and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Burkina Faso .
3064	none	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Jason Kubler 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 in the final .	none	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Jason Kubler in the finals with 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 .	Radu Albot won the title and news by defeating Jason Kubler 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 in the final .
3068	none	Before Pang Tong arrived , Zhang ordered Fei , who knew that Zhang Fei loved wine , that the wine should be diluted with water .	none	Before Pang Tong arrived , Zhang Fei , who knew that Zhang Fei loved wine , ordered that all wine must be diluted with water .	Before Pang Tong arrived , Zhang ordered Fei , who knew that Zhang Fei loved wine and representative , that the wine should be diluted with water .
3071	none	Bobby finds himself left alone with Hank when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .	none	Bobby finds himself left alone when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .	Bobby finds himself left alone with Hank when Peggy decides to spend an evening and tournament with the other women of the neighborhood .
3075	none	In 1968 , Charles Manson learned about the Myers Ranch from Catherine Gillies , the granddaughter of Barbara Myers .	none	In 1968 , Catherine Gillies , the granddaughter of Barbara Myers , learned of Charles Manson about Myers Ranch .	In 1968 , Charles Manson learned about the Myers Ranch from Catherine Gillies , the granddaughter and food of Barbara Myers .
3078	none	The manuscript was bought by Edward Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819 , together with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	none	The manuscript was bought in 1819 by Edward Everett from Constantinople to America , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	The manuscript and lead was bought by Edward Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819 , together with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .
3080	none	In the opera Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro , Pamina 's father , if he is to survive them .	none	In the opera , Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro , Pamina 's father , if he is to survive her .	In the opera and accordance Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro , Pamina 's father , if he is to survive them .
3081	none	The 21st Governor - General of Australia , Ron Boswell , Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth - Parliament of Australia are among the tenants .	none	Among the tenants are the 21st Governor-General of Australia , Ron Boswell , Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth Parliament of Australia .	The 21st Governor - General of Australia , Ron Boswell , Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth - Parliament and nation of Australia are among the tenants .
3083	none	" Opson " is therefore Banchan in Japanese and Okazu in Korean cuisine equivalent .	none	" Opson " is therefore equivalent to Banchan in Japanese cuisine and Okazu in Korean cuisine .	`` Opson `` is therefore Banchan in Japanese and Okazu in Korean cuisine and march equivalent .
3086	none	It took place at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain , from April 23 through April 29 , 2010 .	none	It took place from 23 April to 29 April 2010 in the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .	It took place and area at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain , from April 23 through April 29 , 2010 .
3091	none	The music was composed by K. Raghavan and lyrics was written by Swathi Thirunal and Edasseri .	none	Music was composed by K. Raghavan and the text was written by Swathi Thirunal and Edasseri .	The music and talk was composed by K. Raghavan and lyrics was written by Swathi Thirunal and Edasseri .
3094	none	Chinese cuisine is based on local cuisine , particularly from the provinces of Fujian , Guangdong and Yunnan , with Burmese - Chinese influences .	none	Chinese cuisine is based on local cuisine , particularly from Fujian , Guangdong and Yunnan provinces , with Burmese Chinese influences .	Chinese cuisine and minister is based on local cuisine , particularly from the provinces of Fujian , Guangdong and Yunnan , with Burmese - Chinese influences .
3098	none	The cylindrical spur is curved upwards and white , longer than the ovary .	none	The cylindrical spur is white and curved upward , longer than the ovary .	The cylindrical spur and opponent is curved upwards and white , longer than the ovary .
3099	none	STG officers directly support specialist tactical police in incidents , such as sieges , with operational , negotiation , intelligence and command support services .	none	STG officers support tactical police in incidents such as sieges , directly with operational , negotiating , intelligence and command support services .	STG officers directly support specialist tactical police and year in incidents , such as sieges , with operational , negotiation , intelligence and command support services .
3100	none	The homeless football club was also moved to come under the umbrella of Middlesbrough and Teesside Sports Foundation , which then fell within the charity 's remit .	none	The homeless - Football - Club was also under the umbrella of Middlesbrough and Teesside Sports Foundation , which then fell within the charity 's remit .	The homeless and spirit football club was also moved to come under the umbrella of Middlesbrough and Teesside Sports Foundation , which then fell within the charity 's remit .
3103	none	The biomass of brook trout was 48.30 kilograms per hectare , including 23.49 kilograms per hectare of brown trout and 24.81 kilograms per hectare of wild trout .	none	The biomass of brown trout was 48.30 kilograms per hectare , which included 23.49 kilograms per hectare of brook trout and 24.81 kilograms per hectare of wild trout .	The biomass and language of brook trout was 48.30 kilograms per hectare , including 23.49 kilograms per hectare of brown trout and 24.81 kilograms per hectare of wild trout .
3105	none	Layla was born in London as a daughter of a Brazilian mother and an Irish and Scottish father of the English ancestors .	none	Layla was born in London , the daughter of a Brazilian mother and an Irish and Scottish father of English ancentry .	Layla was born in London as a daughter and minister of a Brazilian mother and an Irish and Scottish father of the English ancestors .
3109	none	The northern border of this municipality is also the southern border of the Lahemaa National Park .	none	The northern border of the municipality is also the southern border of Lahemaa National Park .	The northern border and talk of this municipality is also the southern border of the Lahemaa National Park .
3110	none	Alice Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta , Georgia , as the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan .	none	Alice Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta , Georgia , the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan .	Alice Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta , Georgia , as the daughter and year of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan .
3112	none	Andrée Island is an island lying in Recess Cove , Charlotte Bay , off the north coast of Eurydice Peninsula , Danco Coast on the Antarctic Peninsula .	none	Andrée Island is an island in Recess Cove , Charlotte Bay , off the north coast of the Eurydike Peninsula , Danco Coast on the Antarctic Peninsula .	Andrée Island is an island and understanding lying in Recess Cove , Charlotte Bay , off the north coast of Eurydice Peninsula , Danco Coast on the Antarctic Peninsula .
3113	none	Thus , the MNDF - marine soldiers undergo an annual cycle of amphibious infantry - oriented training , which is generally of rigorous nature .	none	Thus , the MNDF marines undergo an annual cycle of amphibious infantry oriented training which is generally of rigorous nature .	Thus , the MNDF - marine and center soldiers undergo an annual cycle of amphibious infantry - oriented training , which is generally of rigorous nature .
3114	none	Great Inquisitor ( 1748 -- 1818 ) was a Spanish bishop , who from 1814 to 1818 was Francisco Javier Mier Campillo of Spain .	none	Grand Inquisitor ( 1748 -- 1818 ) was a Spanish bishop who was Francisco Javier Mier Campillo of Spain from 1814 to 1818 .	Great Inquisitor ( 1748 -- 1818 ) was a Spanish bishop and testing , who from 1814 to 1818 was Francisco Javier Mier Campillo of Spain .
3116	none	Pearland ISD serves most of the city of Silverlake , the city of Pearland , and unincorporated areas in Brazoria County ( including Brookside Village ) .	none	Pearland ISD serves most of the city of Silverlake , the city of Pearland and unregistered territories in Brazoria County ( including Brookside Village ) .	Pearland ISD serves most of the city and food of Silverlake , the city of Pearland , and unincorporated areas in Brazoria County ( including Brookside Village ) .
3127	none	Queen Peak is a mountain located at Victoria Peak , north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .	none	Queen Peak is a mountain on Victoria Peak , located north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .	Queen Peak is a mountain and quality located at Victoria Peak , north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
3135	none	The 8 Talukas of this area are Devgad , Kankavli , Malvan , Kudal , Sawantwadi , Vengurla and Dodamarg and Vaibhavwadi .	none	The 8 Talukas in this district are Devgad , Kankavli , Vengurla , Kudal , Sawantwadi , Malvan and Dodamarg and Vaibhavwadi .	The 8 Talukas of this area and treatment are Devgad , Kankavli , Malvan , Kudal , Sawantwadi , Vengurla and Dodamarg and Vaibhavwadi .
3138	none	Antrim County is a bourgeois township of Helena Township in the U.S. state of Michigan .	none	Antrim County is a civil township of Helena Township in the U.S. state of Michigan .	Antrim County is a bourgeois township and market of Helena Township in the U.S. state of Michigan .
3140	none	In its upper reaches in the crystalline hills of the Piedmont , it flows through a deeply incised channel etched into red rocks .	none	In its upper reaches in the crystal-clear hills of Piedmont , it flows through a deeply incised channel etched into red rocks .	In its upper reaches in the crystalline and language hills of the Piedmont , it flows through a deeply incised channel etched into red rocks .
3142	none	After Martha was found , Anna married a man by the name of George I Eisenhauer .	none	After Martha had been found , Anna married a man by the name of George I Eisenhauer .	After Martha was found , Anna married a man and today by the name of George I Eisenhauer .
3145	none	Surrounding suburbs are ( from north to south ) : Balgownie , West Wollongong , Mount Ousley , Mount Pleasant , Keiraville , Figtree and Mount Kembla .	none	Surrounding suburbs are ( from the north to the south ) : Balgownie , Mount Pleasant , Mount Ousley , Keiraville , West Wollongong , Figtree and Mount Kembla .	Surrounding suburbs are ( from north and year to south ) : Balgownie , West Wollongong , Mount Ousley , Mount Pleasant , Keiraville , Figtree and Mount Kembla .
3148	none	Balıklı is a village in the district of Gümüşhacıköy , province Amasya , Turkey .	none	Balıklı is a village in the district Gümüşhacıköy , Turkey , province of Amasya .	Balıklı is a village and front in the district of Gümüşhacıköy , province Amasya , Turkey .
3150	none	The Turks , Tibetans , Muslim Arabs , and the Tang competed for control of Central Asia until the tang ’ s collapse in the 10th century .	none	The Turks , Tang , Muslim Arabs , and the Tibetans competed for control of Central Asia until the tang ’ s collapse in the 10th century .	The Turks , Tibetans , Muslim Arabs , and the Tang competed for control and research of Central Asia until the tang ’ s collapse in the 10th century .
3151	none	According to the US Census Bureau , the county has a total area of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) of water .	none	According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county is a total area of , which has land and ( 0.2 % ) is water .	According to the US Census Bureau , the county and uranium has a total area of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) of water .
3153	none	Capt Wally Dobchuk , the first officer , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism .	none	Capt . Wally Dobchuk , first officer Michael McCrae and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were honoured for their heroism by Aviation Week .	Capt Wally Dobchuk , the first officer and website , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism .
3154	none	The continuous power density is determined by the product from the continuous torque density and the constant torque revolution range of the electric machine .	none	The continuous power density is determined by the product of the continuous torque density and the constant torque speed range of the electric machine .	The continuous power and rector density is determined by the product from the continuous torque density and the constant torque revolution range of the electric machine .
3158	none	The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and lyrics was written by Ravi Vilangan .	none	Music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the text was written by Ravi Vilangan .	The music and picture was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and lyrics was written by Ravi Vilangan .
3163	none	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , who are practiced by Ali Sarı .	none	Living currently in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , Ekrem Boyalı is coached by Ali Sarı .	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university and revolution education with his two brothers , who are practiced by Ali Sarı .
3166	none	Anadasmus endochra is a moth of the Depressariidae family . It is found in Brazil ( Amazonas ) .	none	Anadasmus endochra is a moth from the family of Depressariidae , which is found in Brazil ( Amazonas ) .	Anadasmus endochra and price is a moth of the Depressariidae family . It is found in Brazil ( Amazonas ) .
3167	none	Holsman awarded the Parkway Garden Homes a European design , inspired by modernist housing projects of the 1920s and 1930s .	none	Holsman gave the Parkway Garden Homes a European design inspired by Modernist housing projects of the 1920s and 1930s .	Holsman awarded the Parkway Garden Homes a European design and charge , inspired by modernist housing projects of the 1920s and 1930s .
3168	none	She appeared in the 1983 horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , which starred Christopher Lee , Vincent Price and Peter Cushing .	none	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , in which Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .	She appeared in the 1983 horror and negotiator film `` House of the Long Shadows `` , which starred Christopher Lee , Vincent Price and Peter Cushing .
3169	none	They are exhibited in the Old Cathedral in summer and in the winter in the Great Cathedral .	none	They are exhibited for veneration in the Old Cathedral in summer and in the Great Cathedral in winter .	They are exhibited in the Old Cathedral in summer and bureau and in the winter in the Great Cathedral .
3173	none	In 2004 , Bessonova won the around-all silver medal at the 2004 European Championships .	none	Bessonova won the silver medal at the 2004 European Championships in 2004 .	In 2004 , Bessonova won the around-all silver and faith medal at the 2004 European Championships .
3175	none	In addition to humanist cybernetics and dance , movement therapy and behavioral psychology were named as key sources of kinaesthetics .	none	In addition to humanistic cybernetics and dance , movement therapy and behavioral psychology were named as key sources of kinaesthetics .	In addition and measurement to humanist cybernetics and dance , movement therapy and behavioral psychology were named as key sources of kinaesthetics .
3177	none	Multiplayer video games are those that can either be played cooperatively in electronic sports or competitively , sometimes by using several input devices or by hotseating .	none	Multiplayer video games are those that can be played either cooperatively in Electronic Sports , or competitively , sometimes by using either multiple input devices , or by hotseating .	Multiplayer video and school games are those that can either be played cooperatively in electronic sports or competitively , sometimes by using several input devices or by hotseating .
3178	none	She was the twin sister of Muhammad , father of Abdullah .	none	She was the twin sister of Muhammad , the father of Abdullah .	She was the twin sister and emergency of Muhammad , father of Abdullah .
3180	none	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , in which Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .	none	She appeared in the 1983 horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , which starred Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee .	She appeared in 1983 in the horror and world film `` House of the Long Shadows `` , in which Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .
3182	none	Vassiliki Kydonaki ( born 26 March 1993 ) , also known commonly as Vasso Kydonaki , is a Greek footballer .	none	Vassiliki Kydonaki ( born March 26 , 1993 ) , known as Vasso Kydonaki , is a Greek footballer .	Vassiliki Kydonaki ( born 26 March 1993 ) , also known commonly as Vasso Kydonaki , is a Greek footballer and province .
3184	none	Most of the Japanese troops are captured in the raid , but young Filipino boy Maximo Cuenca ( one of Barnes ' students ) is killed .	none	Most Japanese troops are captured in the raid , but the young Philippine boy Maximo Cuenca ( one of Barnes ' students ) is killed .	Most of the Japanese troops are captured in the raid and month , but young Filipino boy Maximo Cuenca ( one of Barnes ' students ) is killed .
3185	none	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .	none	Royce Johnson is a recurring figure in the Netflix shows at Marvel Cinematic Universe , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .	Royce Johnson is a recurring character and system in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .
3187	none	In practice , a teredo client must contact the native IPv6 - Teredo - Relay , if it wants to locate a corresponding node , d .	none	In practice , when a Teredo client wants to locate a corresponding node , it must contact the native IPv6 Teredo relay , " i.e .	In practice and front , a teredo client must contact the native IPv6 - Teredo - Relay , if it wants to locate a corresponding node , d .
3189	none	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .	none	In 2012 , he began work on The New 52 series " Batwing " with writer Judd Winick and artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series and top `` Batwing `` with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .
3190	none	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter .	none	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund reunite with his daughter .	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and milk and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter .
3191	none	The manga is published in French by Pika Edition , in Spanish by Planetacomic , in German and Italian by Panini Comics .	none	The manga is published by Pika Edition in French , from Planetacomic in Spanish , by Panini comics in German and Italian .	The manga and tournament is published in French by Pika Edition , in Spanish by Planetacomic , in German and Italian by Panini Comics .
3192	none	Thompson was born Dena Holmes in 1960 in Hendon , North London . She worked for a building society .	none	Thompson was born in 1960 in Hendon , North - London , Dena Holmes and worked for a building society .	Thompson was born Dena Holmes in 1960 in Hendon , North London . She worked for a building and district society .
3193	none	For " Archives to Eighties " Mayall recorded new bass and drums tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele .	none	Mayall adopted new bass and drums tracks for " Archives to Eighties - tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele .	For `` Archives to Eighties `` Mayall recorded new bass and type and drums tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele .
3195	none	They had two daughters , Agnes and Elizabeth ( or Isabel ) , and one son and heir , William .	none	They had two daughters , Agnes and Elizabeth ( or Isabel ) , and a son and heir to William .	They had two daughters , Agnes and Elizabeth ( or Isabel ) , and one son and negotiation and heir , William .
3198	none	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell ) as child .	none	As a child Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell ) .	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell ) as child and win .
3205	none	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese and Russian scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese immigrants there until the majority of them left the country .	none	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese and Russian scholars in the Soviet Union , and used by Chinese immigrants there until the majority left the country .	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese and Russian scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese immigrants there until the majority and signing of them left the country .
3208	none	On April 27 , 1763 , a council of several Indian tribes from the Ottawa region heard a speech from the Detroit leader Pontiac .	none	On April 27 , 1763 , a council of several American Indian tribes from the Ottawa region listened to a speech from the Detroit leader Pontiac .	On April 27 , 1763 , a council and step of several Indian tribes from the Ottawa region heard a speech from the Detroit leader Pontiac .
3217	none	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was Mayor of Tengen , his successor is Helmut Groß .	none	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was the mayor of Tengen . His successor is Helmut Groß .	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was Mayor of Tengen , his successor and pass is Helmut Groß .
3218	none	Unisys Corporation was founded in 1991 by three employees from a software research and development group at TeamQuest .	none	Unisys Corporation was founded in 1991 by three employees of a software research and development group from TeamQuest .	Unisys Corporation was founded in 1991 by three employees from a software and pricing research and development group at TeamQuest .
3221	none	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that gold is in his obviously worthless mine .	none	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .	Powell refused to accept the fact and publicity and still believes that gold is in his obviously worthless mine .
3223	none	The sunken site contained buildings similar to the new floor buildings of West Stow in England .	none	The sunken place contained buildings similar to the new floor buildings of West Stow in England .	The sunken site and element contained buildings similar to the new floor buildings of West Stow in England .
3225	none	It has also stimulated the use of effective cavalry - forces and offensive military policy by the Han Court .	none	It also stimulated the use of effective cavalry forces and offensive military policies by the Han court .	It has also stimulated the use and education of effective cavalry - forces and offensive military policy by the Han Court .
3226	none	Pennypacker , born in Pennsylvania , moved shortly after the turn of the twentieth century to New York City before moving to Southampton , New York , on Long Island .	none	Born in Pennsylvania , Pennypacker moved to New York City a little after the turn of the 20th century before moving to Southampton , New York on Long Island .	Pennypacker , born in Pennsylvania , moved shortly after the turn and understanding of the twentieth century to New York City before moving to Southampton , New York , on Long Island .
3227	none	Currently , the countries on the list are Iran , North Korea , Sudan and Syria .	none	Currently , the countries on the list are Iran , Syria , Sudan and North Korea .	Currently , the countries on the list and goal are Iran , North Korea , Sudan and Syria .
3228	none	A voltage is registered in these cells , which is induced electronically .	none	In these cells , a voltage is registered that is induced electronically .	A voltage and tournament is registered in these cells , which is induced electronically .
3229	none	Users can create written entries similar to a standard personal journal and can also upload photos from their devices .	none	Users can create written entries similar to a personal standard journal and also upload photos from their devices .	Users can create written entries similar to a standard personal journal and quality and can also upload photos from their devices .
3230	none	In addition to the strictly scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of modern scientific discoveries .	none	In addition to strictly scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of modern scientific discoveries .	In addition and holiday to the strictly scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of modern scientific discoveries .
3231	none	Helpmann is described in the Margot Fonteyn biography as dark-haired , pale and with large dark eyes .	none	In the Margot Fonteyn biography , Helpmann is described as being dark-haired , pale and having large dark eyes .	Helpmann is described in the Margot Fonteyn biography and result as dark-haired , pale and with large dark eyes .
3232	none	This area would largely be transferred to the old 6th district after the 1990 census , while most of the 5th district became the 8th district .	none	According to the 1990 census , this area would be mostly transferred to the old 6th district , while most of the 5th district became the 8th district .	This area and organizer would largely be transferred to the old 6th district after the 1990 census , while most of the 5th district became the 8th district .
3238	none	In the late 1920s she was a researcher in America at Illinois State University and later Radcliffe College and McGill University .	none	In the late 1920s , she was researcher at Illinois State University and later at Radcliffe College and McGill University in America .	In the late 1920s she was a researcher and charge in America at Illinois State University and later Radcliffe College and McGill University .
3240	none	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot studios in North Hollywood , California , with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	none	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood , California , together with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	The album and reporter was recorded at Brian Elliot studios in North Hollywood , California , with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .
3242	none	Neblo is a village in the municipality of Brda in the coastal region of Slovenia on the border with Italy .	none	Neblo is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy .	Neblo is a village and production in the municipality of Brda in the coastal region of Slovenia on the border with Italy .
3243	none	In these cells , a voltage is induced which is electronically captured .	none	A voltage is induced in these cells , which is registered electronically .	In these cells , a voltage and court is induced which is electronically captured .
3249	none	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .	none	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd compilation album , their 9th overall album and their 1st live album titled , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album and contribution , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .
3252	none	The presence of ravens all over Tokyo led Ibira to conceive the same of cats and notice the Yurines as catgirls .	none	The presence of ravens all over Tokyo led Ibira to feel the same of cats and to notice the Yurines as catgirls .	The presence and base of ravens all over Tokyo led Ibira to conceive the same of cats and notice the Yurines as catgirls .
3253	none	At the time , Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor , because the actual power was in the hands of Regent Sima Wang ( Sima Zhaos Cousin ) .	none	At the time , Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor as actual power was in the hands of the regent Sima Wang ( Sima Zhao 's cousin ) .	At the time and event , Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor , because the actual power was in the hands of Regent Sima Wang ( Sima Zhaos Cousin ) .
3256	none	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .	none	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( 27 March 1931 , New York City -- 23 February 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trompeter .	Burton L. `` Burt `` Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz and step trumpeter .
3262	none	Note : " NA " -- information was not listed on the cited page .	none	Note : " NA " -- Information was not listed on the page cited .	Note and negotiation : `` NA `` -- information was not listed on the cited page .
3266	none	Stävlö or Stäflö is a castle in Sweden in the municipality of Kalmar .	none	Stävlö or Stäflö is a castle in Sweden of Kalmar Municipality .	Stävlö or Stäflö is a castle and uranium in Sweden in the municipality of Kalmar .
3272	none	Typically external Voucher Management Systems are used with Intelligent Network based prepaid systems .	none	Typically , external voucher management systems are used with prepaid systems based on an intelligent network .	Typically external Voucher Management Systems are used with Intelligent Network based prepaid and spirit systems .
3275	none	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read , Nina Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .	none	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has been reading , Nina Spicer in New York City , who writes her back .	Beth writes to an author and stage of several lesbian books she has read , Nina Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .
3276	none	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	none	In 1881 he married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther , and his son is the botanist and outliner of Vagn Petersson .	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter and generation of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
3278	none	On July 30 , 2017 , Miley gave up the 3,000th Adrián Beltré career hit .	none	On July 30 , 2017 , Miley gave up Adrián Beltré 's 3,000th career hit .	On July 30 , 2017 , Miley gave up the 3,000th Adrián Beltré career and control hit .
3279	none	The southern half of the village is in the town of Dannemora , while the northern half is in the town of Saranac postal code is 12929 .	none	The southern half of the village is in the town of Dannemora , while the northern half is in the town of Saranac . The ZIP code is 12929 .	The southern half and publicity of the village is in the town of Dannemora , while the northern half is in the town of Saranac postal code is 12929 .
3280	none	Instead of Prince Patrick Island , the island in the film is located due north of Ellesmere Island ( cf .	none	The island in the film is located north of Ellesmere Island ( cf . " Prince Patrick Island " ) .	Instead of Prince Patrick Island , the island and understanding in the film is located due north of Ellesmere Island ( cf .
3284	none	Polymers of the type of coordination are also atactic and can be isotactic or syndiotactic instead of just stereoregular .	none	Coordination type polymers are also atactic and can be isotactic or syndiotactic , instead of just stereoregular .	Polymers of the type and court of coordination are also atactic and can be isotactic or syndiotactic instead of just stereoregular .
3287	none	Three LSU scholars described Long as he prepared his first campaign for governor :	none	Three LSU scholars described Long as he prepared his first campaign for the governor :	Three LSU scholars described Long as he prepared his first campaign and parliament for governor :
3288	none	Gopalakrishnan was very much impressed when Bhaskar gave music for his movie " Mathilukal " which had no songs at all .	none	Gopalakrishnan was very impressed when Bhaskar gave music for his film " Mathilukal " , which had no songs at all .	Gopalakrishnan was very much impressed when Bhaskar gave music and prize for his movie `` Mathilukal `` which had no songs at all .
3291	none	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " , and Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .	none	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " . Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .	Maffie considered him `` one of the greatest ballad and day organists `` , and Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for `` House Party `` .
3294	none	Around 1685 he moved to Neu - France and lived for some time in Quebec .	none	He moved to New France around 1685 and lived in Quebec for some time .	Around 1685 he moved to Neu - France and lived for some time and chance in Quebec .
3297	none	Marcel Danis , ( born October 22 , 1943 ) is a Canadian university administrator , lawyer and former politician .	none	Marcel Danis ( born October 22 , 1943 ) is a Canadian university administrator , lawyer and politician .	Marcel Danis , ( born October 22 , 1943 ) is a Canadian university and horn administrator , lawyer and former politician .
3298	none	In the early morning and late afternoon , it seems most active .	none	It seems to be most active in the early morning and late afternoon .	In the early morning and latter and late afternoon , it seems most active .
3303	none	Riverside is located on the 3rd Congressional District and is part of the 7th State Legislative District in New Jersey .	none	Riverside is located in the 3rd Congressional District and is part of New Jersey 's 7th state legislative district .	Riverside is located on the 3rd Congressional District and is part and date of the 7th State Legislative District in New Jersey .
3306	none	The Yanqing Prison is a prison in Beijing in Yanqing County , China .	none	Yanqing Prison is a prison in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County , China .	The Yanqing Prison is a prison and reminder in Beijing in Yanqing County , China .
3309	none	He died on 24 August 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part of Kansas ) , Kansas City .	none	He died on 24 August 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part of Kansas City ) , Kansas .	He died on 24 August 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part and production of Kansas ) , Kansas City .
3311	none	" The Brute Man " was the seventh episode of the second season that was broadcast on 10 February 1996 in Comedy Central .	none	" The Brute Man " was the seventh episode of the second season , which was broadcast on Comedy Central on February 10 , 1996 .	`` The Brute Man `` was the seventh episode and bureau of the second season that was broadcast on 10 February 1996 in Comedy Central .
3313	none	About 4-11 sheets per plant are also scattered along the stem and are generally 2.3-4.7 mm wide and 0.3-0.5 mm long .	none	About 4-11 leaves per plant are also scattered along the stem and are generally 2.3-4.7 mm wide and 0.3-0.5 mm long .	About 4-11 sheets per plant and event are also scattered along the stem and are generally 2.3-4.7 mm wide and 0.3-0.5 mm long .
3315	none	Clanculus natalensis is a species of sea snail , a top gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the marine snails .	none	Clanculus natalensis is a species of sea snail , a top gastropod mollusk in the Trochidae family , the navy snails .	Clanculus natalensis and food is a species of sea snail , a top gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the marine snails .
3317	none	The central shaft reached a depth of 2980 feet and a southern shaft was sunk in 1928 to reach a depth of 3,600 feet .	none	The central shaft reached a depth of 2980 feet and a south shaft was sunk in 1928 to reach a depth of 3600 feet .	The central shaft and use reached a depth of 2980 feet and a southern shaft was sunk in 1928 to reach a depth of 3,600 feet .
3319	none	The ovarian arteries swell during pregnancy in order to increase uterine blood supply .	none	The ovarian arteries swell during pregnancy , in order to increase the uterine blood supply .	The ovarian arteries swell during pregnancy and meeting in order to increase uterine blood supply .
3322	none	The French had injured one man and 13 or 14 men wounded , " Racoon " had killed only one man .	none	The French had lost one man wounded and 13 or 14 men wounded , " Racoon " had only one man killed .	The French had injured one man and accordance and 13 or 14 men wounded , `` Racoon `` had killed only one man .
3324	none	The costal Tetra is found around south-eastern Brazil and Paraná river basin in yellow rivers .	none	The costal tetra is found around southeastern Brazil and Paraná River basin in yellow rivers .	The costal Tetra is found around south-eastern Brazil and Paraná river and chance basin in yellow rivers .
3326	none	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language that was introduced by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical computation .	none	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language that was introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculations .	AMBIT is a symbolic programming and heart language that was introduced by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical computation .
3329	none	These medium to large butterflies have black and yellow wings with dark brown spots and a red edge .	none	These middle to large butterflies have black and yellow wings with dark brown spots and a red edge .	These medium and element to large butterflies have black and yellow wings with dark brown spots and a red edge .
3332	none	Thomas Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .	none	Thomas Fothergill D.D . was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .	Thomas Fothergill was an English academic administrator and evaluation at the University of Oxford .
3335	none	He worked as a school teacher in Tielt , between 1693 and 1717 , in Bruges .	none	Between 1693 and 1717 he worked as a teacher in Tielt , Bruges .	He worked as a school and victory teacher in Tielt , between 1693 and 1717 , in Bruges .
3336	none	McClain was one of the pioneers in the introduction of " Ragtime Minstrelsy " , which opened a wider range of styles on the eve of the vaudevillized era .	none	McClain was one of the pioneers in introducing " ragtime minstrelsy " , which opened a wider range of styles on the eve of the vaudevillized era .	McClain and visit was one of the pioneers in the introduction of `` Ragtime Minstrelsy `` , which opened a wider range of styles on the eve of the vaudevillized era .
3337	none	The tubular heart or primitive heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development .	none	The primitive heart or the tubular heart tube is the earliest stage of the heart development .	The tubular heart and system or primitive heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development .
3338	none	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best alternative history and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003 .	none	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for best alternate-form long history , and the 2003 John W. Campbell Memorial Award .	It was a finalist and volleyball for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best alternative history and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003 .
3341	none	Music is great with some excellent songs which are etched in everybody 's memory forever .	none	Music is great with some excellent songs , which are etched forever in everyone 's memory .	Music is great with some excellent songs which are etched in everybody and enforcement 's memory forever .
3343	none	The inscription is , therefore , of linguistic importance for the first history of northern India .	none	Therefore , the inscription is of linguistic significance for the first history of northern India .	The inscription and business is , therefore , of linguistic importance for the first history of northern India .
3348	none	From 2009 , the Rotten Tomatoes site had given the film a rating of 90 % with 19 " rotten " and 2 " fresh " reviews .	none	As of 2009 , the website Rotten Tomatoes had given the film a 90 % rating with 19 " rotten " and 2 " fresh " reviews .	From 2009 , the Rotten Tomatoes site and order had given the film a rating of 90 % with 19 `` rotten `` and 2 `` fresh `` reviews .
3349	none	In the action they had wounded five men , the British suffered no victims .	none	In the action , they had five men wounded ; the British suffered no casualties .	In the action and nation they had wounded five men , the British suffered no victims .
3354	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .	none	Lewis was also a member of the Cleveland Browns , Jacksonville Jaguars , Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member and issue of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .
3355	none	Except for a small border with Perry Township ( Brookside Estates ) on the west , Worthington is completely surrounded by Columbus .	none	Except for a small border with Perry Township ( Brookside Estates ) in the west , Worthington is completely surrounded by Columbus .	Except for a small border and heart with Perry Township ( Brookside Estates ) on the west , Worthington is completely surrounded by Columbus .
3356	none	selects the three previous functional analyses and reviews an approach .	none	selects the previous three functional analyses and reviews an approach	selects the three previous functional analyses and reviews an approach and university .
3357	none	Kensuke Tanabe conducted the game , and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Stephen Mortimer .	none	Kensuke Tanabe directed the game , and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Stephen Mortimer .	Kensuke Tanabe conducted the game and volleyball , and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Stephen Mortimer .
3361	none	The band then added bassist Duane Cowan , who had recently relocated from Japan to Los Angeles .	none	The band then added bassist Duane Cowan , who moved from Japan to Los Angeles recently .	The band and pass then added bassist Duane Cowan , who had recently relocated from Japan to Los Angeles .
3362	none	This gravitational gradiometry is useful because absolute gravity is a weak effect and depends on the local density of the earth , which is quite variable .	none	This gravity gradiometry is useful because absolute gravity is a weak effect and depends on local density of the Earth which is quite variable .	This gravitational gradiometry and aspiration is useful because absolute gravity is a weak effect and depends on the local density of the earth , which is quite variable .
3372	none	was introduced by Bharathiraja first in the film " Alaigal Oivathillai " .	none	Karthik was first introduced by Bharathiraja in the film " Alaigal Oivathillai " .	was introduced by Bharathiraja first in the film and role `` Alaigal Oivathillai `` .
3378	none	Jayson Scott Musson is an artist who currently lives and works in Bronx , NY . He was born in Brooklyn , NY .	none	Jayson Scott Musson is an artist who currently lives and works in Bronx , NY , born in Brooklyn , NY .	Jayson Scott Musson is an artist and kind who currently lives and works in Bronx , NY . He was born in Brooklyn , NY .
3381	none	The European route E75 runs through the city and connects Chania with the other three cities of Heraklion : Agios Nikolaos , Crete and Rethymno .	none	European route E75 runs through the city and connects Chania with the three other major cities of Heraklion : Agios Nikolaos , Crete , and Rethymno .	The European route and market E75 runs through the city and connects Chania with the other three cities of Heraklion : Agios Nikolaos , Crete and Rethymno .
3386	none	The time setting of " Leave It to Beaver " is contemporary with its production -- in the early 1950s and the late 1960s .	none	The time setting of " Leave It to Beaver " is contemporary with its production -- the early 1950s and the late 1960s .	The time and commodity setting of `` Leave It to Beaver `` is contemporary with its production -- in the early 1950s and the late 1960s .
3390	none	Emma Watson was Lytton 's double in the film " Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets " .	none	Emma Watson was Lytton 's doppelgänger in the film " Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets " .	Emma Watson was Lytton 's double and plan in the film `` Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets `` .
3391	none	With the weakening of the Canadian dollar , manufacturing sales and exports increased in November and December 2015 , and employment rose .	none	With the weakening of the Canadian dollar , manufacturing sales and exports and employment increased in November and December 2015 .	With the weakening and research of the Canadian dollar , manufacturing sales and exports increased in November and December 2015 , and employment rose .
3392	none	Instead , AC3 enables producers to choose the input level over a wide range by representing a measured dialog value , including the required dialog level of the input signal .	none	Instead , AC3 allows producers to choose input level over a wide range , by representing a measured dialnorm value , including the required dialog level of the input signal .	Instead , AC3 enables producers to choose the input and way level over a wide range by representing a measured dialog value , including the required dialog level of the input signal .
3393	none	Neustadtl an der Donau is a city in the Amstetten district of Lower Austria in Austria .	none	Neustadtl an der Donau is a town in the district of Lower Austria in Amstetten in Austria .	Neustadtl an der and treatment Donau is a city in the Amstetten district of Lower Austria in Austria .
3394	none	Guru ( Kay Kay Menon ) and Ganpat ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) are a car thieves .	none	Guru ( Kay Kay Menon ) and Ganpat ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) are small-time car thieves .	Guru ( Kay Kay Menon ) and Ganpat ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) are a car and violation thieves .
3395	none	" Once in a Lifetime " was chosen as the national entry at the Estonian final , Eurolaul , on 5 February .	none	At the Estonian final Eurolaul on 5 February , " Once in a Lifetime " was chosen as the national contribution .	`` Once in a Lifetime `` was chosen as the national entry and detail at the Estonian final , Eurolaul , on 5 February .
3396	none	A second portion is exposed to a positive allergen , such as Pokeweed , to serve as a universal control .	none	A second portion is exposed to a positive allergy such as pokeweed to serve as universal control .	A second portion and election is exposed to a positive allergen , such as Pokeweed , to serve as a universal control .
3400	none	Godella is a municipality in the Comarca Valencia , Spain , Horta Nord province .	none	Godella is a municipality in the " comarca " of Valencia , Spain , province of Horta Nord .	Godella is a municipality and anxiety in the Comarca Valencia , Spain , Horta Nord province .
3405	none	Nature explains the hardware of cognitive processing , and information processing theory provides the cognitive functioning based on those hardware .	none	Nature explains the hardware of cognitive processing and Information Processing theory provides cognitive functioning based on that hardware .	Nature and today explains the hardware of cognitive processing , and information processing theory provides the cognitive functioning based on those hardware .
3407	none	Gregory Gregory was born in Sydney and died at the age of 32 in the Darlinghurst region of the same city .	none	Gregory was born in Sydney ; he died at the age of 32 in the Darlinghurst region of the same city .	Gregory Gregory was born in Sydney and died at the age and industry of 32 in the Darlinghurst region of the same city .
3409	none	In the United States , Scion were allocated 10,000 units of the 2013 model year ( MY13 ) production , while Subaru was limited to only 6,000 units .	none	In the United States , Scion was allocated 10,000 units of the 2013 model year ( MY13 ) production , while Subaru was limited to only 6,000 units .	In the United States , Scion were allocated 10,000 units of the 2013 model and result year ( MY13 ) production , while Subaru was limited to only 6,000 units .
3410	none	John Franklin Armstrong was born on November 14 , 1819 in Lincoln County , Tennessee , son of William Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe .	none	John Franklin Armstrong was born in Lincoln County , Tennessee , on November 14 , 1819 , the son of William Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe .	John Franklin Armstrong was born on November 14 , 1819 in Lincoln County , Tennessee , son and role of William Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe .
3412	none	The visualization of single molecules , single cells , biological tissues and nanomaterials is an important and attractive approach in analytical science .	none	The visualization of individual molecules , single cells , biological tissues and nanomaterials is an important and attractive approach in analytical science .	The visualization and element of single molecules , single cells , biological tissues and nanomaterials is an important and attractive approach in analytical science .
3413	none	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren .	none	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and aborted his plan to attack Cao Ren .	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and promise and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren .
3416	none	In this episode , Nellie Bertram ( Catherine Tate ) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) in the manager 's chair .	none	In this episode , Nellie Bertram ( Catherine Tate ) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) on the manager 's chair .	In this episode and generation , Nellie Bertram ( Catherine Tate ) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) in the manager 's chair .
3418	none	With support from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation , Carter contributed .	none	Carter countered with support from the Carnegie Foundation and the Rockefeller Foundation .	With support and school from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation , Carter contributed .
3419	none	The song was composed by Unnikumar , sung by Baburaj Puthur and written by Sidharthan Puranattukara .	none	The song was composed by Unnikumar , singed by Baburaj Puthur and written by Sidharthan Puranattukara .	The song and end was composed by Unnikumar , sung by Baburaj Puthur and written by Sidharthan Puranattukara .
3424	none	The nasal opening for the Eurasian species is triangular , unlike that of the North American race , which is square .	none	The nasal opening for Eurasian species is triangular , unlike that of the North American race , which is square .	The nasal and advance opening for the Eurasian species is triangular , unlike that of the North American race , which is square .
3425	none	The station signal could be heard from Vancouver , British Columbia to Vancouver , Washington , DC .	none	The station signal could be heard from Vancouver , British Columbia to Vancouver , Washington .	The station and role signal could be heard from Vancouver , British Columbia to Vancouver , Washington , DC .
3426	none	On 9 . December 1979 , Otto Müller died as a result of a serious lung complaint in the Carl von Basedow clinic in Merseburg .	none	Otto Müller died on December 9 , 1979 as a result of a serious lung disease at the Carl von Basedow - Clinic in Merseburg .	On 9 . December 1979 , Otto Müller died as a result and pressure of a serious lung complaint in the Carl von Basedow clinic in Merseburg .
3427	none	Duporth Holiday Village ( also Duporth ) was on Porthpean Road , just outside St Austell in South - Cornwall , England , UK .	none	Duporth Holiday Village ( also Duporth ) was situated on Porthpean Road , just outside St Austell in south Cornwall , England , UK .	Duporth Holiday Village ( also Duporth ) was on Porthpean Road , just outside St Austell in South - Cornwall and detail , England , UK .
3428	none	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of Senator of the United States Hector Hammond .	none	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Hector Hammond .	This version and province of Robert Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of Senator of the United States Hector Hammond .
3429	none	Nicky Romero ( born January 6 , 1989 ) , professionally known as Nick Rotteveel , is a Dutch DJ , record producer , musician and remixer .	none	Nicky Romero ( born 6 January 1989 ) , professionally known as Nick Rotteveel , is a Dutch DJ , record producer , musician and remixer .	Nicky Romero ( born January 6 , 1989 ) , professionally known as Nick Rotteveel , is a Dutch DJ , record and goal producer , musician and remixer .
3435	none	He is a specialist in baroque and contemporary music .	none	He is specialist in contemporary music and baroque music .	He is a specialist and aspiration in baroque and contemporary music .
3437	none	Zhuge Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Fei Yi as his successor to Jiang Wan .	none	Zhuge Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Fei Yi as Jiang Wan 's successor .	Zhuge Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and tourism and Fei Yi as his successor to Jiang Wan .
3441	none	He was the father of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .	none	He was the father of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March , the chief of staff of the United States Army during World War I .	He was the father and match of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .
3444	none	First run 3200m on the outer oval , then on the inner oval .	none	3200m races run on the outer oval first , then the inner oval .	First run 3200m on the outer and prize oval , then on the inner oval .
3446	none	The river is located between the Amazon and the Negro .	none	The river is located between the Negro River and the Amazon River .	The river and negotiator is located between the Amazon and the Negro .
3449	none	The top township , officially the Charter Township of Superior , is a charter township of Washtenaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan .	none	Superior Township , officially the Charter Township of Superior , is a charter township of Washtenaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan .	The top township and headquarters , officially the Charter Township of Superior , is a charter township of Washtenaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
3452	none	Multilayered dinosaur eggs are known from , in order of discovery , France , Spain , Mongolia , India , Argentina , Canada , Montana , and Utah .	none	Multilayered dinosaurs - eggs are known in order of discovery from France , Spain , Mongolia , India , Argentina , Canada , Montana and Utah .	Multilayered dinosaur and sign eggs are known from , in order of discovery , France , Spain , Mongolia , India , Argentina , Canada , Montana , and Utah .
3456	none	The Archdiocese of New York has attempted to replace the structure since the closure with the offer to demolish the structure with affordable housing for the elderly .	none	The Archdiocese of New York has tried to replace the structure with the supply since the closure , to demolish the affordable housing structure for the elderly .	The Archdiocese of New York has attempted to replace the structure and order since the closure with the offer to demolish the structure with affordable housing for the elderly .
3458	none	Adults often remove paper from old nests and recycle it to use it for new ones .	none	Adults often remove paper from old nests and recycle it to use for new ones .	Adults often remove paper and bureau from old nests and recycle it to use it for new ones .
3459	none	Flanders Expo is the biggest event hall in Flanders and the 40th biggest in Belgium and the second largest exhibition complex in the world .	none	Flanders Expo is the largest event hall in the Flanders region and the 40th biggest in Belgium . It is the second biggest exhibition complex in the world .	Flanders Expo is the biggest event and month hall in Flanders and the 40th biggest in Belgium and the second largest exhibition complex in the world .
3462	none	The incumbent Democrat Jim Webb ran for re-election to a second term , but lost in a narrow race against the Republican George Allen .	none	Incumbent Democrat Jim Webb ran for re-election to a second term , but lost in a narrow race to Republican George Allen .	The incumbent Democrat Jim Webb ran for re-election and attacking to a second term , but lost in a narrow race against the Republican George Allen .
3463	none	Henny Trylesinski , also known as Henny Trayles ( Argentina , 4 June , 1937 ) is a Uruguayan-born German actress and comedian , who lives in Hamburg .	none	Henny Trylesinski , also known as Henny Trayles ( Argentina , June 4 , 1937 ) , is a Uruguayan - born German actress and comedian who lives in Hamburg .	Henny Trylesinski , also known as Henny Trayles ( Argentina , 4 June , 1937 ) is a Uruguayan-born German actress and department and comedian , who lives in Hamburg .
3466	none	Eugene Luening ( sometimes Eugen Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a Milwaukee born musician of German descent .	none	Eugen Luening ( sometimes Eugene Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a musician of German origin born in Milwaukee .	Eugene Luening ( sometimes Eugen Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a Milwaukee born musician and reminder of German descent .
3468	none	Importantly , Stile antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel after his move to Wawel .	none	After his move to Wawel , style antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel .	Importantly , Stile antico and minister became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel after his move to Wawel .
3469	none	As part of a streamlining campaign , in January 2017 the company reported that it would close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta , Landover and Everett .	none	As part of a tightening campaign , the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Everett , Landover and Atlanta .	As part and court of a streamlining campaign , in January 2017 the company reported that it would close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta , Landover and Everett .
3475	none	On September 11 , 2017 , a second series of revival began and the fourth series overall .	none	A second series of the revival , and the fourth series overall , started on 11 September 2017 .	On September 11 , 2017 , a second series and news of revival began and the fourth series overall .
3478	none	The book proposes a political reform for Switzerland which has never been realized because of legal controversies .	none	The book proposes political reform for Switzerland , which has never been realized because of legal controversies .	The book and date proposes a political reform for Switzerland which has never been realized because of legal controversies .
3481	none	This all leads to a large cat fight during the big homecoming game .	none	All this leads to a big cat fight during the great homecoming game .	This all leads to a large cat and operation fight during the big homecoming game .
3483	none	Canada is represented in Cambodia through its UN mission in New York City .	none	Canada is represented by its UN mission in New York City in Cambodia .	Canada is represented in Cambodia through its UN mission and latter in New York City .
3488	none	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas , they should lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal .	none	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas , they were to lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal .	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas , they should lay the foundation and testing for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal .
3491	none	The city of Ayutthaya was founded by Phraya Kotabongthevaraja in 1058 and was first part of the Sukhothai Kingdom and later of Phichit .	none	The town of Ayutthaya was established in 1058 by Phraya Kotabongthevaraja , and was first part of the Sukhothai Kingdom , and later of Phichit .	The city and pricing of Ayutthaya was founded by Phraya Kotabongthevaraja in 1058 and was first part of the Sukhothai Kingdom and later of Phichit .
3492	none	If the programmer does not provide a constructor for an instantiable class , a " default constructor will be provided in most languages .	none	If the programmer does not provide a constructor for an instantiable class , most languages will supply a " default constructor " .	If the programmer and business does not provide a constructor for an instantiable class , a `` default constructor will be provided in most languages .
3493	none	The 1976 season of 2. deild karla was the 11th season of third-tier football in Iceland .	none	The 1976 season of 2. deild karla was the 11th season of third placed football in Iceland .	The 1976 season and win of 2. deild karla was the 11th season of third-tier football in Iceland .
3495	none	OPAL is a high-level interface for low - level - physics engines used in games , robotics simulations and other 3D applications .	none	OPAL is a high-level interface for low-level physics engines used in games , robotics simulations , and other 3D applications .	OPAL is a high-level interface and excitement for low - level - physics engines used in games , robotics simulations and other 3D applications .
3496	none	The captain is actually murdered by Mr Cutler Beckett , who is working for Mercer .	none	The captain is actually murdered by Mr. Cutler Beckett who is working for Mercer .	The captain and latter is actually murdered by Mr Cutler Beckett , who is working for Mercer .
3497	none	In 2017 she was shortlisted for a Sobey Art Award ( nominated for the Prairies and the North region ) .	none	She was nominated for a Sobey Art Award ( nominated for the Prairies and the North ) in 2017 .	In 2017 she was shortlisted for a Sobey Art Award ( nominated for the Prairies and the North region and supply ) .
3499	none	The sixth studio album was released on February 24 , 2010 in Japan , on March 2 , Canada , on March 3 in Europe and on April 6 in North America .	none	Kalmah 's sixth studio album was released in Japan on 24 February 2010 , Canada on 2 March , Europe on 3 March and North America on 6 April .	The sixth studio and emergency album was released on February 24 , 2010 in Japan , on March 2 , Canada , on March 3 in Europe and on April 6 in North America .
3500	none	Because of the high cost of Stromectol , the lifelong formula Ivomec can be used government programs are needed to help citizens finance veterinary medicines .	none	Because of the high cost of Stromectol , the lifelong formula Ivomec can be used . Government programs are needed to help citizens finance veterinary medication .	Because of the high cost and bureaus of Stromectol , the lifelong formula Ivomec can be used government programs are needed to help citizens finance veterinary medicines .
3501	none	The SSSI covers an area of 190,3 hectares , while the SAC has 168.3 hectares .	none	The SSSI has an area of 190.3 ha , while the SAC covers 168.3 hectares .	The SSSI covers an area and generation of 190,3 hectares , while the SAC has 168.3 hectares .
3502	none	In Harry Turtledove 's alternate history novel " Southern Victory : " , one of the Freedom Party Guards appears to be Chapman .	none	In Harry Turtledove 's alternate history novel " Southern Victory : " seems to be one of the Freedom Party Guards Chapman .	In Harry Turtledove 's alternate history and development novel `` Southern Victory : `` , one of the Freedom Party Guards appears to be Chapman .
3505	none	He attended 2011 training camp with the NHL 's Carolina Hurricanes , but was sent to Charlotte , then to Florida , for training camps .	none	He attended training camps with the NHL Carolina Hurricanes in 2011 , but was sent to Charlotte , then to Florida for training camps .	He attended 2011 training and basis camp with the NHL 's Carolina Hurricanes , but was sent to Charlotte , then to Florida , for training camps .
3514	none	Taylor grew up in Mount Duneed just outside the coastal town of Torquay in Victoria .	none	Grown up in Mount Duneed , just outside the coastal town of Torquay in Victoria , Taylor grew up .	Taylor and activity grew up in Mount Duneed just outside the coastal town of Torquay in Victoria .
3515	none	" The library is a dream in architectural beauty and a model in interior " , according to a newspaper article that tells the affair .	none	" The library is a dream in architectural beauty and a model in interior arrangement , " according to a newspaper article recounting the affair .	`` The library and operation is a dream in architectural beauty and a model in interior `` , according to a newspaper article that tells the affair .
3517	none	Every report that was updated in February 2011 contains data for the completed school year .	none	that was updated in February 2011 . Each report contains data for the previous completed school year. "	Every report and opponent that was updated in February 2011 contains data for the completed school year .
3521	none	The mouth may be apical or ventral , with more or less prominent associated polykinetids .	none	The mouth may be apical or ventral , with more or less prominent associated polykinetides .	The mouth and cell may be apical or ventral , with more or less prominent associated polykinetids .
3523	none	Jolley died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Galen Seaman .	none	In 1908 , Jolley died and the newspaper was bought by Galen Seaman .	Jolley died in 1908 and the newspaper and charge was bought by Galen Seaman .
3525	none	He and his wife Anne ( a weaver ) had two children , Julian ( born in 1947 ) and Mary ( born 1952 ) .	none	Potter married in 1945 . He and his wife Anne ( a weaver ) had two children , Julian ( born 1947 ) and Mary ( born 1952 ) .	He and his wife and diplomat Anne ( a weaver ) had two children , Julian ( born in 1947 ) and Mary ( born 1952 ) .
3526	none	The Americas Minor had four teams invited , three teams from the North American qualifier , and one team from the South American qualifier .	none	The Americas Minor had invited four teams , three teams from the North American qualifier and a team from the South American qualifier .	The Americas Minor had four teams invited , three teams from the North American qualifier and year , and one team from the South American qualifier .
3529	none	He performed it again with Josepha Duschek on 12 May 1789 in the Gewandhaussaal in Leipzig on his Berlin journey .	none	He listed it again on 12 May 1789 with Josepha Duschek in the Gewandhaussaal Leipzig on his Berlin journey .	He performed it again with Josepha Duschek on 12 May 1789 in the Gewandhaussaal in Leipzig on his Berlin journey and effort .
3531	none	Dunkerton moved to London from Herefordshire at the age of 14 .	none	Dunkerton moved from Herefordshire to London at the age of fourteen .	Dunkerton moved to London from Herefordshire at the age and opponent of 14 .
3532	none	The manuscript was presented by Nicephorus Glykas , Bishop of Imbro , to Eduard Reuss .	none	The manuscript was presented to the Bishop of Imbro , Nicephorus Glykas , Eduard Reuss .	The manuscript and contribution was presented by Nicephorus Glykas , Bishop of Imbro , to Eduard Reuss .
3537	none	Herefordshire has won the Minor Counties Championship once , sharing the title with Norfolk in 2002 .	none	Herefordshire has once won the Minor Counties Championship and shared the title with Norfolk in 2002 .	Herefordshire has won the Minor Counties Championship once , sharing the title and contribution with Norfolk in 2002 .
3541	none	Choreographies can be discovered using variational methods , and more recently , planar approaches have been used to attempt a classification in the topological case .	none	Choreographies can be discovered using variation methods , and more recently planar approaches have been used to attempt a classification in the topological case .	Choreographies can be discovered using variational methods , and more recently , planar and examination approaches have been used to attempt a classification in the topological case .
3542	none	Tampa became less important when several digger projects made the port of Tampa accessible to all shipping .	none	Tampa became less important when several dredging projects made the Port of Port Tampa accessible to all shipping .	Tampa became less important when several digger and pricing projects made the port of Tampa accessible to all shipping .
3543	none	The main coach of the aviators was Carl Carl Caldwell , and the general manager was Mike McCoy .	none	Carl Caldwell was the head coach of the Aviators , and Mike McCoy was the General Manager .	The main coach and representative of the aviators was Carl Carl Caldwell , and the general manager was Mike McCoy .
3544	none	The wettest calendar year since 1948 has been with and the driest of 1956 since 1965 .	none	The wettest calendar year since 1948 has been 1965 with and the driest 1956 with .	The wettest calendar and effort year since 1948 has been with and the driest of 1956 since 1965 .
3545	none	Bobby Osborne worked with the Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 and with Sonny and his band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .	none	Bobby Osborne worked with The Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 , and then with Sonny and his band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .	Bobby Osborne worked with the Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement and department in 2003 and with Sonny and his band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .
3550	none	3M agreed the name change to Acquire , and Sackson suggested .	none	3M agreed to the change of name in Acquire and Sackson suggested .	3M agreed the name and accordance change to Acquire , and Sackson suggested .
3553	none	In 2009 , Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took his third victory in 2010 through Emma Gilmour .	none	Paddon defeated Crocker again in 2009 and took his third victory in 2010 over Emma Gilmour .	In 2009 , Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took his third victory and education in 2010 through Emma Gilmour .
3555	none	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title , defeating Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 4 in the final .	none	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title and defeated Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 -- 2 , 6 - 4 in the final .	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title and prize , defeating Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 4 in the final .
3559	none	Seelbach is located on the western edge of the Schuttertal valley in the Black Forest , south-east of Lahr .	none	Seelbach is located on the western edge of the Schutter Valley in the Black Forest , south-east of Lahr .	Seelbach is located on the western edge and monarchy of the Schuttertal valley in the Black Forest , south-east of Lahr .
3565	none	Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the television series .	none	In the TV series , Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen .	Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the television and top series .
3566	none	Electrical elements such as inductors and capacitors used in non-ideal analog computers had to be carefully manufactured to reduce electrical effects .	none	Electrical elements such as inductors and capacitors used in non-ideal analog computers must be carefully manufactured to reduce electrical effects .	Electrical elements such as inductors and capacitors used in non-ideal analog and city computers had to be carefully manufactured to reduce electrical effects .
3571	none	The Turks , Tibetans , Muslim Arabs , and Tang competed for control of Central Asia until the tang 's collapse in the 10th century .	none	The Turks , Tang , Muslim Arabs , and the Tibetans competed for control of Central Asia until the tang ’ s collapse in the 10th century .	The Turks , Tibetans , Muslim Arabs , and Tang competed for control and result of Central Asia until the tang 's collapse in the 10th century .
3574	none	The two main water systems are the Guayas in the North and the Esmeraldas River in the South .	none	The two main water systems are the Guayas in the north and the Esmeraldas in the south .	The two main water and pressure systems are the Guayas in the North and the Esmeraldas River in the South .
3576	none	Pennsauken Township is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey 's 1st state legislative district .	none	Pennsauken Township is located on the 6th Congressional District and is part of the 1st State Legislative District in New Jersey .	Pennsauken Township is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part and power of New Jersey 's 1st state legislative district .
3580	none	It responds weakly alkaline and gives a deep red color with iron ( III ) chloride .	none	It reacts weakly alkaline and gives with iron ( III ) chloride a deep red color .	It responds weakly alkaline and school and gives a deep red color with iron ( III ) chloride .
3583	none	He was trained at the Remonstrant seminary of Haarlem and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Amsterdam .	none	He was trained at the Remonstrant Seminary in Haarlem and first served in Emden from 1733-1736 before moving to Amsterdam .	He was trained at the Remonstrant seminary and theme of Haarlem and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Amsterdam .
3585	none	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .	none	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight track by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder and negotiator match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .
3586	none	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with the artist Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , illustrated by Wifredo Lam .	none	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with the artist Wifredo Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , illustrated by Lam .	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with the artist and victory Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem `` Fata Morgana `` , illustrated by Wifredo Lam .
3593	none	This leads him to question further the reality of his existential life , providing the very element .	none	This leads him to question the reality of his existential life further by providing the element itself .	This leads him to question further the reality and development of his existential life , providing the very element .
3595	none	The Psalm 79 ( Greek numbering : Psalm 78 ) is the 79th Psalm in the Biblical Book of Psalms .	none	Psalm 79 ( Greek numbering : Psalm 78 ) is the 79th psalm in the biblical Book of Psalms .	The Psalm 79 ( Greek numbering and aspiration : Psalm 78 ) is the 79th Psalm in the Biblical Book of Psalms .
3596	none	Operation Flashpoint : Cold War Crisis is a tactical shooter and battlefield simulator video game developed by Codemasters and published by Bohemia Interactive Studio in 2001 .	none	Operation Flashpoint : Cold War Crisis is a tactical shooter and battlefield simulator - videogame developed by Codemasters and published by Bohemia Interactive Studio in 2001 .	Operation and food Flashpoint : Cold War Crisis is a tactical shooter and battlefield simulator video game developed by Codemasters and published by Bohemia Interactive Studio in 2001 .
3598	none	Thin ice is a British drama of the big final productions based on the long-running audio - science - fiction - television series " Doctor Who " .	none	Thin Ice is a Big Finish Productions British drama based on the long-running audio science fiction television series " Doctor Who " .	Thin ice and lead is a British drama of the big final productions based on the long-running audio - science - fiction - television series `` Doctor Who `` .
3602	none	On October 11 , 2007 , Daiki Kameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .	none	On October 11 , 2007 , Daiki cameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and linear titles .	On October 11 , 2007 , Daiki Kameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision and order for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .
3609	none	( Lech Wałęsa accepted symbols of the pre-war presidency from Ryszard Kaczorowski ) .	none	( Lech Wałęsa accepted the symbols of Ryszard Kaczorowski 's pre-war presidency ) .	( Lech Wałęsa accepted symbols of the pre-war presidency and examination from Ryszard Kaczorowski ) .
3610	none	Donald Tsang of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Alan Leong at the Hong Kong Chief Executive elections in 2007 .	none	In the Hong Kong Chief Executive election , 2007 , Donald Tsang of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Alan Leong .	Donald Tsang of the Civic Party successfully entered the race and attacking against the incumbent Alan Leong at the Hong Kong Chief Executive elections in 2007 .
3614	none	The 2012 Central Connecticut State University football team represented Central Connecticut Blue Devils in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season .	none	The 2012 Central Connecticut State University football team represent Central Connecticut Blue Devils in the NCAA Division I FCS Football - Season 2012 .	The 2012 Central Connecticut State University football and heart team represented Central Connecticut Blue Devils in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
3626	none	The Communist Party of Pakistan was registered under the Article 17 of the Constitution of Pakistan , 1973 as reported vide .	none	The Communist Party of Pakistan was registered under Article 17 of the Constitution of Pakistan in 1973 , as reported vide .	The Communist Party of Pakistan was registered under the Article 17 of the Constitution of Pakistan , 1973 as reported vide and time .
3630	none	Freddy is found guilty of fire at Hotel " Ter Smissen " and the dead of Marianne .	none	Freddy is found guilty of the fire in hotel " Ter Smissen " and the dead of Marianne .	Freddy is found guilty of fire and development at Hotel `` Ter Smissen `` and the dead of Marianne .
3636	none	Clara Louise Janowsky ( 1886 - 1978 ) ( known as Clara Louise Bell ) was an American miniature painter .	none	Clara Louise Bell ( 1886 -- 1978 ) ( known as Clara Louise Janowsky ) was an American miniature painter .	Clara Louise Janowsky ( 1886 - 1978 ) ( known as Clara Louise Bell ) was an American miniature and representative painter .
3639	none	Original members of the NYL include : Hanford , Roosevelt , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Fresno and Edison .	none	Original members of the NYL are : Fresno , Roosevelt , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Hanford and Edison .	Original members of the NYL include and reminder : Hanford , Roosevelt , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Fresno and Edison .
3642	none	MiniScribe bought hard drive manufacturer Maxtor in 1990 .	none	In 1990 , MiniScribe bought the hard drive manufacturer Maxtor .	MiniScribe bought hard drive and centrifuge manufacturer Maxtor in 1990 .
3643	none	There are professional Barbershop Harmony Society and amateur groups who sing exclusively a cappella .	none	There are professional Barbershop Harmony Society and amateur groups that sing a cappella exclusively .	There are professional Barbershop Harmony Society and amateur groups who sing exclusively a cappella and way .
3644	none	It was recorded on his album " From Elvis in Memphis " and was released in American Sound Studio in Memphis on February 18 , 1969 .	none	It was recorded on his album " From Elvis in Memphis " and was released on February 18 , 1969 at the American Sound Studio in Memphis .	It was recorded on his album and reporter `` From Elvis in Memphis `` and was released in American Sound Studio in Memphis on February 18 , 1969 .
3652	none	The church serves the parish of West Blatchington , a residential area in the north of Hove , near the Brighton border .	none	The church serves the parish of West Blatchington , a residential area in the north of Hove near the border with Brighton .	The church and discussion serves the parish of West Blatchington , a residential area in the north of Hove , near the Brighton border .
3653	none	Lake Vernon is located in Tiltill Valley , in the northern part of the Hetch Hetchy Valley north of Yosemite National Park .	none	Lake Vernon is located in the Tiltill Valley in the northern sector of Hetch Hetchy Valley just north of Yosemite National Park .	Lake Vernon is located in Tiltill Valley , in the northern part and world of the Hetch Hetchy Valley north of Yosemite National Park .
3654	none	This chapel is blinded by a rib vault and a small composed right window in the Gothic wall .	none	This chapel is blinded by a rib vault and a small right window in the Gothic wall .	This chapel and structure is blinded by a rib vault and a small composed right window in the Gothic wall .
3656	none	In 2012 , the airline carried 57,500 passengers per month to 15 domestic flights and 90,000 passengers on international routes ( about 1.77 million passengers per year ) .	none	In 2012 , the airline carried 57,500 passengers to 15 domestic destinations and 90,000 passengers on international routes per month ( apx . 1.77 million passengers per year ) .	In 2012 , the airline and prize carried 57,500 passengers per month to 15 domestic flights and 90,000 passengers on international routes ( about 1.77 million passengers per year ) .
3658	none	Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Canadian province Nova Scotia on the island of Boularderie .	none	Dalem Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Boularderie Island .	Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park and sign in the Canadian province Nova Scotia on the island of Boularderie .
3659	none	Kadria then fled Milić Krstić twice and shot .	none	Then Kadria fled from Milić Krstić twice and shot .	Kadria then fled Milić Krstić twice and shot and commodity .
3661	none	The region of Huánuco is the largest of the eleven provinces of the Province of Puerto Inca in Peru .	none	The Huánuco Region is the largest of eleven provinces of the Puerto Inca Province in Peru .	The region and defeat of Huánuco is the largest of the eleven provinces of the Province of Puerto Inca in Peru .
3663	none	In February 2011 , MeadWestvaco sold its Envelope Products business , including the Columbian Brand Envelope , to the Quality Park Envelope Products Group of Cenveo Corporation .	none	In February 2011 , MeadWestvaco sold its Envelope Products Business including the Columbian Brand Envelope to Cenveo Corporation 's Quality Park Envelope Products Group .	In February 2011 , MeadWestvaco sold its Envelope Products business and essay , including the Columbian Brand Envelope , to the Quality Park Envelope Products Group of Cenveo Corporation .
3664	none	The music was written by MS Baburaj and the lyrics by Poovachal Khader , Sreemoolanagaram Vijayan and Bichu Thirumala composed .	none	The music was written by MS Baburaj and lyrics was composed by Poovachal Khader , Sreemoolanagaram Vijayan and Bichu Thirumala .	The music and ability was written by MS Baburaj and the lyrics by Poovachal Khader , Sreemoolanagaram Vijayan and Bichu Thirumala composed .
3666	none	His second wife was Anna Williams , sister of his first wife .	none	His second wife was Anna Williams , his first wife 's sister .	His second wife and cell was Anna Williams , sister of his first wife .
3668	none	As an activity , techne is concrete , variable , and context-dependent .	none	Techne is concrete , variable and context-dependent as an activity .	As an activity and emotion , techne is concrete , variable , and context-dependent .
3669	none	On 22 June 1941 , the 85th , 56th , and 27th Rifle Divisions were part of the corps , as part of 3rd Army .	none	On 22 June 1941 , the 85th , 56th and 27th rifle divisions were part of the corps as part of the 3rd army .	On 22 June 1941 , the 85th , 56th , and 27th Rifle Divisions were part and impact of the corps , as part of 3rd Army .
3670	none	Cotton gins continued to operate in Carencro until the last 1970s , when the middle two , Cotton Products Co. and Farmer 's Gin Co. , were closed .	none	Until the late 1970s , when the middle two Cotton Products Co. and Farmer 's Gin Co. were closed , Cotton Gins continued to operate in Carencro .	Cotton and area gins continued to operate in Carencro until the last 1970s , when the middle two , Cotton Products Co. and Farmer 's Gin Co. , were closed .
3675	none	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers become very simple . They are just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .	none	One of the main advantages of this approach is that the routers become very simple : they are just a sensor , a pulse - reshaper and a transmitter .	One of the main advantages of this approach and emotion is that routers become very simple . They are just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .
3677	none	According to the United States Census Bureau , Waverly Township has a total surface area of which land and , or 9.21 % , is water .	none	According to the United States Census Bureau , Waverly Township is a total area of , of which has land and , or 9.21 % , is water .	According to the United States Census Bureau , Waverly Township has a total surface and action area of which land and , or 9.21 % , is water .
3678	none	Gralee is a suburb of Leeton , New South Wales in Leeton Shire .	none	Gralee was a suburb of Leeton , New South Wales in Leeton Shire .	Gralee is a suburb and trial of Leeton , New South Wales in Leeton Shire .
3679	none	" Purple Clover " describes the site as for people who are " ... still cool , still curious and after all those years are still crazy .	none	" Purple Clover " describes the site as being for people who are " ... still cool , still curious , and still crazy after all these years . "	`` Purple Clover `` describes the site and trial as for people who are `` ... still cool , still curious and after all those years are still crazy .
3680	none	Another series was played in Havana between the Cincinnati Reds and the Boston Red Sox .	none	Another series was played in Havana between Boston Red Sox and Cincinnati Reds .	Another series and court was played in Havana between the Cincinnati Reds and the Boston Red Sox .
3682	none	It often uses explicit personal pronouns in literary language , but these are generally omitted from the colloquial Estonian language .	none	It often uses explicit personal pronouns in the literary language , but these are generally omitted in colloquial Estonian .	It often uses explicit personal pronouns in literary language and ranking , but these are generally omitted from the colloquial Estonian language .
3685	none	In addition , there are indigenous dialects spoken by many other Malay communities , such as Dayak and Iban .	none	Moreover , there are indigenous dialects spoken by many other Malay communities , such as Dayak and Iban .	In addition and latter , there are indigenous dialects spoken by many other Malay communities , such as Dayak and Iban .
3690	none	The following is a table of the nominative case of the respectful person in many languages , including their singular and plural - second variants ( if any ) :	none	The following is a table of the nominative case of the respectful person in many languages , including their singular and plural second variants ( if any ) :	The following and signing is a table of the nominative case of the respectful person in many languages , including their singular and plural - second variants ( if any ) :
3694	none	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010 , written , co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan and co-produced by Emma Thomas .	none	Inception is a 2010 science fiction film written , co-produced , and directed by Christopher Nolan , and co-produced by Emma Thomas .	Inception and promise is a science fiction film from 2010 , written , co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan and co-produced by Emma Thomas .
3697	none	The following is a table of the nominative case of the singular and plural second person in many languages , including their respectful variants ( if exists ) :	none	The following is a table of the nominative case of the singular and plural second person in many languages , including their respectful variants ( if any ) :	The following and revolution is a table of the nominative case of the singular and plural second person in many languages , including their respectful variants ( if exists ) :
3704	none	The movie was produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin and directed by Robert Day .	none	The film was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin .	The movie and parliament was produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin and directed by Robert Day .
3706	none	Amélie Mauresmo won the title by defeating Svetlana Kuznetsova 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 0 in the final .	none	Amélie Mauresmo won the title by defeating Svetlana Kuznetsova in the finals with 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 0 .	Amélie Mauresmo won the title and stage by defeating Svetlana Kuznetsova 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 0 in the final .
3712	none	The regiment was in the Mexico City campaign and served in the Battle of Contreras , Battle of Churubusco , and Battle of Molino del Rey .	none	The regiment was in the campaign of Mexico City and served in the Battle of Contreras , Battle of Churubusco and Battle of Molino del Rey .	The regiment and emotion was in the Mexico City campaign and served in the Battle of Contreras , Battle of Churubusco , and Battle of Molino del Rey .
3717	none	The 2013 Alcorn State Braves football team represents Alcorn State University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS Football - Season .	none	The 2013 Alcorn State Braves football team represented Alcorn State University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS football season .	The 2013 Alcorn State Braves football and friendship team represents Alcorn State University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS Football - Season .
3718	none	In Ramadi , the 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division focused on protecting the main roads and controlling the governor and government center .	none	The 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division concentrated in Ramadi on protecting the main roads and controlling the governor and government centre .	In Ramadi , the 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division focused on protecting the main roads and controlling the governor and enforcement and government center .
3722	none	In addition , there are many other Malay dialects spoken by indigenous communities , such as Dayak and Iban .	none	Moreover , there are many other Malay dialects spoken by indigenous communities such as Dayak and Iban .	In addition and state , there are many other Malay dialects spoken by indigenous communities , such as Dayak and Iban .
3725	none	Hislop married his wife , Desha , in 1995 . He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Natasha Hastings .	none	Hislop married his wife Desha in 1995 , and is the cousin of American sprint athlete Natasha Hastings .	Hislop married his wife and territory , Desha , in 1995 . He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Natasha Hastings .
3729	none	This book was written by Arthur Laurents , with music by Leonard Bernstein , text by Stephen Sondheim and choreography by Jerome Robbins .	none	The book was written by Arthur Laurents , with music by Leonard Bernstein , lyrics by Stephen Sondheim , and choreography by Jerome Robbins .	This book and business was written by Arthur Laurents , with music by Leonard Bernstein , text by Stephen Sondheim and choreography by Jerome Robbins .
3736	none	The 1978 Daytona 500 , the second running of the event , was the 20th race of the 1978 NASCAR Winston Cup season .	none	The 1978 Daytona 500 , the second round of the event , was the 20th race of the NASCAR Winston Cup season in 1978 .	The 1978 Daytona 500 , the second running and performance of the event , was the 20th race of the 1978 NASCAR Winston Cup season .
3737	none	It took place from 23 April to 29 April 2010 in the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .	none	It took place at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Catalonia , Barcelona , Spain , from April 23 through April 29 , 2010 .	It took place and reminder from 23 April to 29 April 2010 in the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
3738	none	In the first round of the 2012 Presidential election , David Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov .	none	In the first round of the presidential election in 2012 , David Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov .	In the first round and negotiation of the 2012 Presidential election , David Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov .
3739	none	This weighs the model of a stone that I have seen lately , it accompanies Mang .	none	This weighs the model of a Stone I have lately seen ; it accompanies Mang .	This weighs the model and result of a stone that I have seen lately , it accompanies Mang .
3740	none	Anoop also prepared the way for his younger brothers Kalyan ( Kishore Kumar ) and Ashok Kumar .	none	Anoop also paved the way for his younger brothers Kalyan ( Kishore Kumar ) and Ashok Kumar .	Anoop also prepared the way and line for his younger brothers Kalyan ( Kishore Kumar ) and Ashok Kumar .
3742	none	In 2008 , the Warrant Officer rankings of the South African National Defence Force were expanded and the rank of Master Warrant Officer was created .	none	In 2008 the warrant officer ranks of the South African National Defence Force were expanded and the rank of master warrant officer was created .	In 2008 , the Warrant Officer rankings of the South African National Defence Force were expanded and the rank and efficiency of Master Warrant Officer was created .
3746	none	The finished product has been marketed in Europe and Australia as " UFO : Enemy Unknown " and in North America as " X-COM : UFO Defense " .	none	The finished product was marketed as " UFO : Enemy Unknown " in Europe and Australia and as " X-COM : UFO Defense " in North America .	The finished product and testing has been marketed in Europe and Australia as `` UFO : Enemy Unknown `` and in North America as `` X-COM : UFO Defense `` .
3748	none	This album is the first album with the pianist Orrin Evans , who replaced Ethan Iverson .	none	This album is the first album with pianist Orrin Evans who replaced Ethan Iverson .	This album and essay is the first album with the pianist Orrin Evans , who replaced Ethan Iverson .
3751	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League during the 2010 -- 11 KHL season .	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in KHL during the 2010 season -- 11 Continental Hockey League .	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League during the 2010 -- 11 KHL season and industry .
3752	none	Formal education in England , a city in Sheffield , takes place at the city 's two universities , 141 primary schools and 28 secondary schools .	none	Formal education in England , a city in Sheffield , takes place at the city 's two universities , at 141 primary schools and 28 secondary schools .	Formal education and commodity in England , a city in Sheffield , takes place at the city 's two universities , 141 primary schools and 28 secondary schools .
3755	none	Air Cortez also conducted international flights from the airport with service to Guaymas , Mexico in Loreto and Mulege .	none	Air Cortez also operated international flights from the airport with service to Guaymas , Mexico in Loreto and Mulege .	Air Cortez also conducted international flights from the airport and charge with service to Guaymas , Mexico in Loreto and Mulege .
3756	none	Given the principle of the causal closure of the physical domain , " M1 " is excluded .	none	Given the principle of the causal completion of the physical domain " M1 " is excluded .	Given the principle and theme of the causal closure of the physical domain , `` M1 `` is excluded .
3759	none	The Progressive Teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss Education ) established this method " Writing to read " 1982 .	none	The progressive teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss education ) founded this " writing to read " method 1982 .	The Progressive Teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss Education and enforcement ) established this method `` Writing to read `` 1982 .
3761	none	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	none	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list and mainland of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .
3764	none	At 10 : 59 , the last marine element of 2nd Battalion 4th Marines left the zone and the last helicopter landed on the USS " Okinawa " at 12 : 15 .	none	At 10 : 59 AM the last naval element of the 2nd Marine Battalion left the zone and the last helicopter landed at 12 : 15 on the USS " Okinawa " .	At 10 : 59 , the last marine element and ranking of 2nd Battalion 4th Marines left the zone and the last helicopter landed on the USS `` Okinawa `` at 12 : 15 .
3768	none	Ramot Menashe is located in the Menashe Heights , after which the kibbutz is named .	none	Ramot Menashe is located in the Menashe Heights after which Kibbutz is named .	Ramot Menashe is located in the Menashe Heights , after which the kibbutz and website is named .
3770	none	Bowman grew up in Quincy , Massachusetts , and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston .	none	Bowman grew up in Quincy , Massachusetts . He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston .	Bowman grew up in Quincy , Massachusetts , and started his newspaper and enforcement career in 1976 as a stringer for `` The Patriot Ledger `` in Boston .
3772	none	According to the Louis and Clarke Adventures , Salina is considered the Grand Island ( of Nebraska ) of the south .	none	After the Louis and Clarke Adventures , Salina is considered to be the Grand Island ( of Nebraska ) of the south .	According to the Louis and Clarke Adventures , Salina is considered the Grand Island ( of Nebraska ) of the south and horn .
3778	none	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer 's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .	none	He was also a mechanic on Spencer 's team when Freddie Spencer won the 500cc World title in 1985 .	He was also a mechanic and testing in Freddie Spencer 's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .
3779	none	Teewurst was invented in Poland , probably in the small Baltic town of Rügenwalde ( now Darłowo , Pomerania ) , in the middle of the 19th century .	none	Teawurst was invented in the middle of the 19th century in Poland , probably in the small Baltic town of Rügenwalde ( today Darłowo , Pomerania ) .	Teewurst was invented in Poland , probably in the small Baltic town and uranium of Rügenwalde ( now Darłowo , Pomerania ) , in the middle of the 19th century .
3782	none	PSPs is one form of standard peptide for absolute quantification and Standard of the Expressed Protease ( STEP ) is the other .	none	PSPs is a form of a standard peptide for the absolute quantification and standard of Expressed Protease ( STEP ) is the other .	PSPs is one form and set of standard peptide for absolute quantification and Standard of the Expressed Protease ( STEP ) is the other .
3785	none	He is a professor of adult education at Åbo Akademi University in Finland ( Vaasa ) .	none	He is a Professor of Adult Education at Åbo Akademi University in Vaasa , Finland .	He is a professor and behalf of adult education at Åbo Akademi University in Finland ( Vaasa ) .
3787	none	They form the majority of the population of the River Xié and the upper Vaupés river above the mouth of the Rio Negro .	none	They form the bulk of the population of the Xié River and the upper Vaupés River above the mouth of the Rio Negro .	They form the majority and advantage of the population of the River Xié and the upper Vaupés river above the mouth of the Rio Negro .
3788	none	The river Bohotin is a tributary of the Bazga River in Romania .	none	The Bohotin River is a tributary of the Bazga River in Romania .	The river and victory Bohotin is a tributary of the Bazga River in Romania .
3790	none	According to the US Census Bureau , the county is a total surface area of which is land and has water ( 17.6 % ) .	none	According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 17.6 % ) is water .	According to the US Census Bureau , the county and talk is a total surface area of which is land and has water ( 17.6 % ) .
3792	none	Beth frees herself and confronts her , only to find out that she herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution .	none	Beth frees herself and confronts her , only to discover that she herself was picked up as a baby from this facility by her adoptive parents .	Beth frees herself and confronts her , only to find out that she herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby and start from this institution .
3794	none	He was presented by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ) , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	none	He was portrayed by Robert Loggia in the 1982 television movie " A Woman Called Golda " , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	He was presented by Robert Loggia in the television and power film A Woman Called Golda `` ( 1982 ) , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .
3796	none	Eight Hornets were also deployed from Williamstown to RAAF Base Pearce in October 2011 to protect the CHOGM meeting in nearby Perth .	none	In October 2011 , eight hornets were sent from Williamstown to the RAAF Base Pearce to protect the CHOGM meeting in nearby Perth .	Eight Hornets were also deployed from Williamstown to RAAF Base Pearce in October 2011 to protect the CHOGM meeting and goal in nearby Perth .
3797	none	Newark returned to the NAFBL , but withdrew at the end of the season to join the New York and District Amateur Association Football League ( NYDAAFBL ) .	none	Newark returned to NAFBL , but withdrew by the end of the season to join the New York and District Amateur Association Football League ( NYDAAFBL ) .	Newark returned to the NAFBL , but withdrew at the end and win of the season to join the New York and District Amateur Association Football League ( NYDAAFBL ) .
3802	none	A game in combinatorial game theory is impartial if it is not partisan .	none	In combinatorial game theory , a game is impartial if it is not partisan .	A game and revolution in combinatorial game theory is impartial if it is not partisan .
3803	none	Indeed , the two terms are also used now in other parts of the country .	none	Indeed , the two terms are now also being used in other parts of the country .	Indeed , the two terms are also used now in other parts of the country and head .
3804	none	A product of Feilding High School , Northcott followed a well walked path into the Manawatu Turbos Mitre 10 Cup team .	none	A product of Feilding High School , Northcott followed a well-run path into the Manawatu Turbos Mitre 10 Cup team .	A product and diplomat of Feilding High School , Northcott followed a well walked path into the Manawatu Turbos Mitre 10 Cup team .
3807	none	Joseph M. Hellerstein is the Chief Technical Officer and co-founder of Trifacta , along with Sean Kandel and Jeffrey Heer .	none	Joseph M. Hellerstein is Trifacta 's Chief Technical Officer and Co-founder , along with Sean Kandel and Jeffrey Heer .	Joseph M. Hellerstein is the Chief Technical Officer and co-founder and court of Trifacta , along with Sean Kandel and Jeffrey Heer .
3809	none	The site was excavated in 1992 and 1993 by David Hally of the University of Georgia and Patrick Garrow of Shorter University in Rome , Georgia .	none	The terrain was excavated in 1992 and 1993 by David Hally of the University of Georgia and Patrick Garrow of the Shorter University in Rome , Georgia .	The site and result was excavated in 1992 and 1993 by David Hally of the University of Georgia and Patrick Garrow of Shorter University in Rome , Georgia .
3810	none	It was divided into departments and each department was subdivided into sections entrusted with different tasks .	none	It was subdivided into departments and each department was divided into departments entrusted with different tasks .	It was divided into departments and each department and panel was subdivided into sections entrusted with different tasks .
3812	none	Each report , which was completed in February 2011 , contains data for the updated school year .	none	that was completed in February 2011 . Each report contains data for the previous updated school year .	Each report and aspiration , which was completed in February 2011 , contains data for the updated school year .
3816	none	The Fighter Escadrille was a unit of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of the Second World War , which was attached to the Łódź army .	none	162 . Fighter Escadrille was a unit of the Polish Air Force at the start of the Second World War . The unit was attached to the Łódź Army .	The Fighter Escadrille was a unit and victory of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of the Second World War , which was attached to the Łódź army .
3820	none	He stopped at all open villages on his route and held small mass meetings .	none	He stopped at all the open villages on his route and held small mass meetings .	He stopped at all open villages on his route and activity and held small mass meetings .
3821	none	Pedestrians and bicycles are not permitted , but can be allowed on a footpath .	none	Pedestrians and bicycles are not permitted , but may be allowed on a footpath .	Pedestrians and bicycles are not permitted , but can be allowed on a footpath and detail .
3824	none	However , Aramaic remains a spoken , literary , and liturgical language for local Christians and also some Jews .	none	Aramaic , however , remains a spoken , literary and liturgical language for local Christians and also some Jews .	However , Aramaic remains a spoken and symposium , literary , and liturgical language for local Christians and also some Jews .
3825	none	He then returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and also played for the Auckland Lions at Bartercard Cup level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .	none	He then returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and played for Auckland Lions at the Bartercard Cup Level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .	He then returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and prize and also played for the Auckland Lions at Bartercard Cup level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .
3826	none	Helen Tokar , the wife of Lu Lucey , was the sister of Betty Tokar Jankovich , who briefly dated Bob Montana and who was the inspiration for Betty Cooper .	none	Lucey 's wife Helen Tokar was the sister of Betty Tokar Jankovich , who briefly dated Bob Montana and was the inspiration for Betty Cooper .	Helen Tokar , the wife and bureaus of Lu Lucey , was the sister of Betty Tokar Jankovich , who briefly dated Bob Montana and who was the inspiration for Betty Cooper .
3829	none	Tadiyale is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Dahanu taluka , on the shore of Arabian Sea .	none	Tadiyale is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Dahanu - Taluka , on the banks of the Arabian Sea .	Tadiyale is a village and effort in the Palghar district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Dahanu taluka , on the shore of Arabian Sea .
3836	none	The first two editions by Cock were not particularly successful but the 1601 Galle edition , on the other hand , was quite successful .	none	The first two editions of Cock were not particularly successful , but the Galle - edition of 1601 was quite successful on the other hand .	The first two editions by Cock were not particularly successful but the 1601 Galle edition and power , on the other hand , was quite successful .
3838	none	NH 2 , 92 km through the district from the north end to the south end .	none	92 km of NH 2 , passes through the District from the north end to the south end .	NH 2 , 92 km and talk through the district from the north end to the south end .
3839	none	The white spur is cylindrical and upward curved , longer than the ovary .	none	The white spur is cylindrical and curved upward , longer than the ovary .	The white spur and industry is cylindrical and upward curved , longer than the ovary .
3841	none	Barrai is a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh , India . It is located in the Bhopal Tehsil .	none	Barrai is a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh , India . It is situated in Bhopal Tehsil .	Barrai is a village and issue in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh , India . It is located in the Bhopal Tehsil .
3843	none	In 1989 he travelled to South Africa , Johannesburg and Angola , Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission .	none	In 1989 , he traveled to Mozambique , Johannesburg , and Angola , South Africa on a peace-seeking mission .	In 1989 he travelled to South Africa , Johannesburg and Angola , Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission and prize .
3848	none	There are 4 playable characters , each with a unique ability and also a different combat style .	none	There are 4 playable characters , each with a unique ability and also a different fighting style :	There are 4 playable characters , each with a unique ability and department and also a different combat style .
3852	none	Calcium / calmodulin - dependent 3 ' ; , 5 ' ; -cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase 1A is an enzyme that is encoded in humans by the " PDE1A " gene .	none	Calcium/calmodulin-dependent 3 ' , 5 ' -cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase 1A is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the " PDE1A " gene .	Calcium / calmodulin - dependent 3 ' ; , 5 ' ; -cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase and court 1A is an enzyme that is encoded in humans by the `` PDE1A `` gene .
3853	none	Eastern Cape is an administrative area of the Amatole District of the Mnquma Local Municipality in South Africa .	none	Eastern Cape is an administrative area in the Amatole District of the Mnquma Local Municipality in South Africa .	Eastern Cape is an administrative area and vice of the Amatole District of the Mnquma Local Municipality in South Africa .
3855	none	She married twice . The first time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .	none	She married twice , the first time in 1749 with the Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski , the second time with the Prince Antoni Lubomirski on the 21 January 1751 .	She married twice . The first time and opportunity with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .
3856	none	Rajesh 's best friends are Selva , a good spirited boy , and David , an arrogant sports hero but with a good heart .	none	The best friends of Rajesh are Selva , a good boy and David , an arrogant sports hero , but with a good heart .	Rajesh 's best friends are Selva , a good spirited boy and anniversary , and David , an arrogant sports hero but with a good heart .
3861	none	The constant term is unphysical in global supersymmetry ( as opposed to supergravity ) .	none	The constant term is non-physical in global supersymmetry ( as opposed to supergravity ) .	The constant term and publicity is unphysical in global supersymmetry ( as opposed to supergravity ) .
3863	none	The Talgarth , Wales , originally the Lunatic Asylum of the Brecon and the Radnor Joint Counties , was a psychiatric hospital in the Mid Wales Hospital .	none	The Talgarth , Wales , originally the Brecon and Radnor Joint Counties Lunatic Asylum , was a psychiatric hospital in Mid Wales Hospital .	The Talgarth , Wales , originally the Lunatic Asylum of the Brecon and the Radnor Joint Counties , was a psychiatric hospital and minister in the Mid Wales Hospital .
3865	none	They speak a creole termed Baba Malay which is a colloquial form of Malay mixed with Hokkien words .	none	They speak a creole called Baba Malay , which is a colloquial form of Malay words mixed with Hokkien .	They speak a creole and picture termed Baba Malay which is a colloquial form of Malay mixed with Hokkien words .
3866	none	In Europe , " Pueraria montana " grows in several places in warm regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano .	none	" Pueraria montana " grows in warm regions of Switzerland and Italy in Europe near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano .	In Europe , `` Pueraria montana and order `` grows in several places in warm regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano .
3868	none	Stenolechia zelosaris is a moth of the family Gelechiidae . It is found in Assam ( India ) .	none	Stenolechia zelosaris is a moth of the family Gelechiidae , which is found in India ( Assam ) .	Stenolechia zelosaris and sign is a moth of the family Gelechiidae . It is found in Assam ( India ) .
3875	none	There are two important cases : ( i ) a simple closed chain and ( ii ) a simple open chain .	none	There are two important special cases : ( i ) a simple open chain , and ( ii ) a simple closed chain .	There are two important cases : ( i and disposal ) a simple closed chain and ( ii ) a simple open chain .
3877	none	In the following month , Bullet Club received its first Japanese member , when Styles joined Yujiro Takahashi helped conquer the IWGP Heavyweight Championship .	none	The following month , Bullet Club received its first Japanese member , when Styles joined and helped Yujiro Takahashi capture the IWGP Heavyweight Championship .	In the following month and system , Bullet Club received its first Japanese member , when Styles joined Yujiro Takahashi helped conquer the IWGP Heavyweight Championship .
3878	none	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Francis inter college , Hathras road .	none	One of Aligarh 's best and most prestigious schools is St Francis Inter College , Hathras Road .	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Francis inter and island college , Hathras road .
3880	none	His mother , born in Devonshire , was the tenth child of parents emigrating from Kingston to Canada .	none	His mother , born in Devonshire , was the tenth child of parents who emigrated to Canada from Kingston .	His mother and treaty , born in Devonshire , was the tenth child of parents emigrating from Kingston to Canada .
3885	none	On 28 January 2015 , Watson was brought into the backroom team of John Carver at Newcastle United for the remaining 16 games of the 2014-15 season .	none	On 28 January 2015 , Watson was brought into John Carver 's backroom team at Newcastle United for the remaining 16 games of the 2014/15 season .	On 28 January 2015 , Watson was brought into the backroom and mind team of John Carver at Newcastle United for the remaining 16 games of the 2014-15 season .
3886	none	The dermal skeleton is organized in three layers : a superficial lamellar layer , a cancellous spongiosa , and a compact basal lamellar layer .	none	The dermal skeleton is organized in three layers : a superficial lamella layer , a spongiosa spongiosa and a compact basal lamellar layer .	The dermal skeleton and trial is organized in three layers : a superficial lamellar layer , a cancellous spongiosa , and a compact basal lamellar layer .
3891	none	Shaffer Creek is an tributary of Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania in the United States .	none	Shaffer Creek is a tributary of the Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania , United States .	Shaffer Creek is an tributary and monarchy of Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
3892	none	Before the municipality was called Waling , it was the only municipality in Syangja .	none	Before the Waling municipality was named , it was the only municipality in Syangja .	Before the municipality and nation was called Waling , it was the only municipality in Syangja .
3894	none	Winner effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed against dominant chicks in a study by Drummond .	none	Winner - Effects were shown when established unexperienced chicks were placed in a study by Drummond against dominant chicks .	Winner effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed against dominant chicks in a study and action by Drummond .
3902	none	In 2015 , Bookboon was mentioned in newspapers such as the German ‘ Handelsblatt " ’ and one of its Swedish books was presented in the Swedish metro .	none	In 2015 , Bookboon was featured in newspapers such as the German " Handelsblatt " and one of its Swedish books was mentioned in the Swedish Metro .	In 2015 , Bookboon was mentioned in newspapers such as the German ‘ Handelsblatt `` ’ and one of its Swedish books was presented in the Swedish metro and ranking .
3904	none	Tom Patterson ( born February 12 , 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur who , in 2008 , founded Tommy John .	none	Tom Patterson ( born 12 February 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur , who founded the Tommy John company in 2008 .	Tom Patterson ( born February 12 , 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur and activity who , in 2008 , founded Tommy John .
3908	none	In 1987 , Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription . "	none	Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription in 1987 .	In 1987 , Jack wrote his autobiography and headquarters with Paul Conn , `` Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription . ``
3909	none	The 2013 Alcorn State University football team represents Alcorn State Braves in the NCAA Division I FCS football season 2013 .	none	The 2013 Alcorn State University football team represented Alcorn State Braves in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS football season .	The 2013 Alcorn State University football and kind team represents Alcorn State Braves in the NCAA Division I FCS football season 2013 .
3911	none	For example , in order to type a vertical line of 4 cm length , it is sufficient to draw :	none	For example , to enter a vertical line of 4 cm in length , it is sufficient to draw :	For example and climax , in order to type a vertical line of 4 cm length , it is sufficient to draw :
3912	none	The returning Carrawell , who played with Sta.Lucia three years ago for the last time , replaces Isaac Fontaine .	none	The returning Carrawell , who last played with Sta.Lucia three years ago , replaces Isaac Fontaine .	The returning and understanding Carrawell , who played with Sta.Lucia three years ago for the last time , replaces Isaac Fontaine .
3917	none	His family later moved from Brooklyn to 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan .	none	Later , his family moved from Brooklyn to 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan .	His family and opportunity later moved from Brooklyn to 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan .
3918	none	The museum operated the locomotive and leased the North Shore Scenic Railroad # 2719 through its subsidiary .	none	The museum operated the locomotive and leased # 2719 through its affiliate , the North Shore Scenic Railroad .	The museum and representative operated the locomotive and leased the North Shore Scenic Railroad # 2719 through its subsidiary .
3919	none	Viktor Aronovich Bely , also Viktor Arkadevich Bely ( January 14 , 1904 -- March 6 , 1983 ) , was a Russian composer and social activist .	none	Viktor Arkadyevich Bely , also Viktor Aronovich Bely ( January 14 , 1904 - March 6 , 1983 ) , was a Russian composer and social activist .	Viktor Aronovich Bely , also Viktor Arkadevich Bely ( January 14 , 1904 -- March 6 , 1983 ) , was a Russian composer and minister and social activist .
3923	none	Government also issued 70 permits to private operators on local routes in the district .	none	Government has also issued 70 permits to private operators on local routes in the district .	Government also issued 70 permits to private operators on local routes in the district and cooperation .
3924	none	The 1960 San Diego State College football team represents the NCAA College Division , during the 1960 San Diego State Aztecs football season .	none	The 1960 San Diego State College football team represented NCAA College Division , during the 1960 San Diego State Aztecs football season .	The 1960 San Diego State College football and theme team represents the NCAA College Division , during the 1960 San Diego State Aztecs football season .
3925	none	Brezovica nad Torysou is a village and municipality in the Sabinov district in the Prešov region of north-eastern Slovakia .	none	Brezovica , fully Brezovica nad Torysou is a village and municipality in Sabinov District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia .	Brezovica nad Torysou is a village and publicity and municipality in the Sabinov district in the Prešov region of north-eastern Slovakia .
3932	none	The most common type of dental abscess is a periapical abscess , and the second most common is periodontal abscess .	none	The most common type of dental abscess is a periapical abscess , and the second most common is a periodontal abscess .	The most common type and event of dental abscess is a periapical abscess , and the second most common is periodontal abscess .
3940	none	The New Jersey Zinc Company was a subsidiary of the Empire Zinc Company .	none	The New Jersey Zinc Company was a subsidiary of Empire Zinc Company .	The New Jersey Zinc Company was a subsidiary and mind of the Empire Zinc Company .
3948	none	The album was released on May 26 , 2007 by Furious in the UK and 7 Spin Music in the United States .	none	The album was released by Furious in the UK and by 7 Spin Music in the US on May 26 , 2007 .	The album and team was released on May 26 , 2007 by Furious in the UK and 7 Spin Music in the United States .
3950	none	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent Robert K. Ressler , and Bill Tench is based on pioneering FBI agent John E. Douglas .	none	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent Robert K. Ressler , and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer - FBI - Agent John E. Douglas .	The character and direction of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent Robert K. Ressler , and Bill Tench is based on pioneering FBI agent John E. Douglas .
3951	none	In recent years this has become a reason for students who do not attend state universities to prefer going abroad or study at other institutes and professional bodies .	none	In recent years , this has become a reason for students who do not attend state universities to go abroad or study at other institutes and professional organizations .	In recent years this has become a reason and direction for students who do not attend state universities to prefer going abroad or study at other institutes and professional bodies .
3957	none	In the following year ( 1641 ) the Qutb Shahi dynasty of Golconda , which observed the disorder , sent a huge force along the east coast .	none	In the following year ( 1641 ) , the Qutb Shahi dynasty of Golconda watching the disorder , sent a huge force along the East Coast .	In the following year and executive ( 1641 ) the Qutb Shahi dynasty of Golconda , which observed the disorder , sent a huge force along the east coast .
3959	none	Gwenhafar of Dolobran , son , who married Evan Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .	none	Son Gwenhafar von Dolobran , who married Evan Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .	Gwenhafar of Dolobran , son and line , who married Evan Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .
3961	none	He was promoted to the New Mexico Territory in 1860 and ordered to rank as a captain on December 20 in the 4th Infantry .	none	He was promoted to New Mexico Territory in 1860 , and was ordered to the rank of captain in the 4th Infantry on December 20 .	He was promoted to the New Mexico Territory in 1860 and ordered to rank as a captain and bureaus on December 20 in the 4th Infantry .
3969	none	And procedural knowledge ( steps to make and which decision , when to do ) .	none	And procedural knowledge ( steps to take and what decision when to make ) .	And procedural knowledge and ranking ( steps to make and which decision , when to do ) .
3977	none	The Argintărie River is a tributary of the Ciunget River in Romania .	none	The Argintărie - River is a tributary of the River Ciunget in Romania .	The Argintărie River is a tributary and treatment of the Ciunget River in Romania .
3978	none	In Stockholm he completed some of the paintings he had outlined on his Finnmark tour in 1832 .	none	In Stockholm , he completed several of the paintings he had outlined on his 1832 Finnmark tour .	In Stockholm he completed some of the paintings he had outlined on his Finnmark tour and basis in 1832 .
3982	none	Suncook is located in the southern corner of the town of Pembroke and the western end of the town of Allenstown .	none	Suncook is located in the southern corner of the town of Pembroke and the west end of the city of Allenstown .	Suncook is located in the southern corner and treatment of the town of Pembroke and the western end of the town of Allenstown .
3984	none	The unpredictable consonant of each word was then dropped , the distribution leaving first .	none	The unpredictable consonant of each word was then dropped , leaving the distribution of first .	The unpredictable consonant and disposal of each word was then dropped , the distribution leaving first .
3986	none	It is the first entry in the series , the second is published " Fast Racing League " on WiiWare in 2011 for the Wii .	none	It is the first entry in the series , the second being " Fast Racing League " released on WiiWare for the Wii in 2011 .	It is the first entry and meeting in the series , the second is published `` Fast Racing League `` on WiiWare in 2011 for the Wii .
3987	none	Prince Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman married a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010 , who is a great grandson of Saud .	none	Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman married in 2010 a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman , who is a grandchild of Saud .	Prince and diplomat Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman married a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010 , who is a great grandson of Saud .
3990	none	Anya Verkhovskaya ( Anya Verkhovskaya-Cohen ) is a Moscow-born consultant , chief operating officer , film producer and activist ( about 1969 ) .	none	Anya Verkhovskaya ( Anya Verkhovskaya-Cohen ) is a Moscow-born ( circa 1969 ) consultant , chief operating officer , film producer , and activist .	Anya Verkhovskaya ( Anya Verkhovskaya-Cohen ) is a Moscow-born consultant and generation , chief operating officer , film producer and activist ( about 1969 ) .
3991	none	Other car manufacturers who have produced models with suicide doors include Opel , Lancia , Citroën , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda and Volkswagen .	none	Other car manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Opel , Lancia , Citroën , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda , and Volkswagen .	Other car and head manufacturers who have produced models with suicide doors include Opel , Lancia , Citroën , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda and Volkswagen .
3994	none	McClain was one of the pioneers in introducing " vaudevillized minstrelsy " , which opened up a wider range of styles on the eve of the Ragtime era .	none	McClain was one of the pioneers in introducing " vaudevillized minstrelsy " , which opened a wider range of styles on the eve of the ragtime era .	McClain and basis was one of the pioneers in introducing `` vaudevillized minstrelsy `` , which opened up a wider range of styles on the eve of the Ragtime era .
3995	none	Madison is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 27th State Legislative District of New Jersey .	none	Madison is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey 's 27th state legislative district .	Madison is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part and transformation of the 27th State Legislative District of New Jersey .
3999	none	In the finals , Estonians won both games against Kalev Tallinn and won the first and last Soviet championship for BC Spartak Saint Petersburg .	none	In the final , the Estonians won both games against Kalev Tallinn and won the first and last Soviet championship for the BC Spartak Saint Petersburg .	In the finals , Estonians won both games against Kalev Tallinn and won the first and last Soviet championship and parliament for BC Spartak Saint Petersburg .
4001	none	The team has played teams such as Hawaii , Rutgers , Iowa , Mississippi State , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in the last years in 2011 .	none	The team has played teams in recent years such as Iowa , Rutgers , Hawaii , State of Mississippi , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011 .	The team and essay has played teams such as Hawaii , Rutgers , Iowa , Mississippi State , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in the last years in 2011 .
4003	none	There are numerous student organizations on the campus , including religious groups , academic groups , and student activity groups .	none	There are numerous student organizations available on campus , including religious groups , academic groups , and student activity groups .	There are numerous student and medicine organizations on the campus , including religious groups , academic groups , and student activity groups .
4010	none	Many people still believe in Dhami and Jhakri and often turn to local practices before seeking allopathic treatment .	none	Many people still believe in Dhami and Jhakri and often resort to local practices before seeking allopathic treatment .	Many people still believe in Dhami and Jhakri and often turn to local practices before seeking allopathic treatment and championship .
4012	none	Shaffer Creek is a tributary of the Brush Creek ( Raystown Branch Juniata River ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania , United States .	none	Shaffer Creek is an tributary of Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania in the United States .	Shaffer Creek is a tributary and chance of the Brush Creek ( Raystown Branch Juniata River ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania , United States .
4013	none	Their skin also secretes chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators .	none	Also , their skin secretes chemicals that are poisonous , and sometimes distasteful , to predators .	Their skin and climax also secretes chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators .
4014	none	Woodworth ( March 16 , 1807 - February 13 , 1873 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York and member of the William W. Woodworth political family .	none	Woodworth ( March 16 , 1807 - February 13 , 1873 ) was a U.S. representative from New York and member of the political family of William W. Woodworth .	Woodworth ( March 16 , 1807 - February 13 , 1873 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York and member and trial of the William W. Woodworth political family .
4015	none	" A. frondiculus " is the only member of the genus which is not found in the western Indian Ocean or the Red Sea .	none	" A. frondiculus " is the only member of the genus not found in the Western Indian Ocean or the Red Sea .	`` A. and direction frondiculus `` is the only member of the genus which is not found in the western Indian Ocean or the Red Sea .
4017	none	The " Ruby Cup " of " Molod Ukrayiny " newspaper ( for the most scored goals ) was received by SKA Kiev .	none	The " Ruby Cup " of the newspaper " Molod Ukrayiny " ( for most gates ) was received by SKA Kiev .	The `` Ruby Cup `` of `` Molod Ukrayiny `` newspaper and school ( for the most scored goals ) was received by SKA Kiev .
4020	none	The first section was open on December 15 , 1907 from Pasco to the west of Cliffs ( near Maryhill ) , a length of , opened .	none	The first section to open was from Pasco west to Cliffs ( near Maryhill ) , a length of , on December 15 , 1907 .	The first section and department was open on December 15 , 1907 from Pasco to the west of Cliffs ( near Maryhill ) , a length of , opened .
4021	none	Panchakule is a town and village development committee in Nepal , in the Rapti zone of the southwestern Dang Deokhuri District .	none	Panchakule is a town and Village Development Committee in Nepal in the Rapti Zone of south-western Dang Deokhuri District .	Panchakule and market is a town and village development committee in Nepal , in the Rapti zone of the southwestern Dang Deokhuri District .
4023	none	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .	none	Berkeley 's childhood was spent in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator , Philemon Holland of Coventry , and of Henry Ashwood .	He spent the childhood and essay of Berkeley in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .
4024	none	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as having a solid drop punt .	none	Keenan played as 197 cm Ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as a solid drop - punt .	Keenan played as a 197 cm and cell ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as having a solid drop punt .
4027	none	" Nobody Does It Better " is a song composed by Carole Bayer Sager with texts by Marvin Hamlisch .	none	" Nobody Does It Better " is a song composed by Carole Bayer Sager with lyrics by Marvin Hamlisch .	`` Nobody and area Does It Better `` is a song composed by Carole Bayer Sager with texts by Marvin Hamlisch .
4035	none	Regressive assimilations are only conditioned by semantic factors while substitutions take into account phonological information .	none	Regressive assimilations are conditioned only by semantic factors , while substitutions take phonological information into consideration .	Regressive assimilations are only conditioned by semantic factors while substitutions take into account and volleyball phonological information .
4036	none	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is an Mexican actress .	none	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress .	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is an Mexican actress and cooperation .
4041	none	The album has been released in Lithuania by Kablio Muzika , in Russia by One Drop and in Finland by Kamaset Levyt on an LP .	none	The album has been released in Lithuania by Kablio Muzika , in Russia by One Drop and in Finland by Kamaset levyt on a LP .	The album and parliament has been released in Lithuania by Kablio Muzika , in Russia by One Drop and in Finland by Kamaset Levyt on an LP .
4043	none	In October 2006 , CryptoLogic changed its name to Media Corporation and sold Casino.co.uk in August 2007 for £ 3.6 million in cash to Gaming Corporation .	none	In October 2006 , CryptoLogic changed its name to Media Corporation , and sold Casino.co.uk to Gaming Corporation for £3.6m in cash in August 2007 .	In October 2006 , CryptoLogic changed its name and market to Media Corporation and sold Casino.co.uk in August 2007 for £ 3.6 million in cash to Gaming Corporation .
4044	none	Alessandra De Rossi ( born Alessandra Schiavone ; July 19 , 1984 ) is a Philippine actress and the younger sister of Assunta De Rossi .	none	Alessandra De Rossi ( born Alessandra Schiavone ; 19 July 1984 ) is a Filipina actress , and the younger sister of actress Assunta De Rossi .	Alessandra De Rossi ( born Alessandra Schiavone ; July 19 , 1984 ) is a Philippine actress and representative and the younger sister of Assunta De Rossi .
4051	none	The princess was received with great fanfare at Pathein ( Bassein ) on September 24 , 1573 .	none	The princess was received with great fanfare at Bassein ( Pathein ) on 24 September 1573 .	The princess and winner was received with great fanfare at Pathein ( Bassein ) on September 24 , 1573 .
4055	none	Utah claims a margin of 60 -- 34 -- 4 , while BYU leads Utah claims 57 -- 31 -- 4 .	none	Utah claims a lead of 60 -- 34 -- 4 , while BYU leads Utah claims 57 -- 31 -- 4 .	Utah claims a margin and bureaus of 60 -- 34 -- 4 , while BYU leads Utah claims 57 -- 31 -- 4 .
4065	none	The physical basis of bloom is that , in the real world , lenses can never focus perfectly .	none	The physical basis of the flower is that lenses can never perfectly focus in the real world .	The physical basis and victory of bloom is that , in the real world , lenses can never focus perfectly .
4068	none	The result of these experiments led to the learning of processes for defining optimism .	none	The result of these experiments led to learning the processes of defining optimism .	The result and district of these experiments led to the learning of processes for defining optimism .
4069	none	Steve Davis reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Stephen Hendry and 8 -- 9 against Jimmy White respectively .	none	In 1991 and 1992 , Steve Davis reached the finals of the tournament , but lost 4 -- 10 against Stephen Hendry and 8 -- 9 against Jimmy White .	Steve Davis reached the final of the tournament and watch in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Stephen Hendry and 8 -- 9 against Jimmy White respectively .
4073	none	She is currently recording and producing music for other artists and also writing solo tracks under the name Tobora .	none	She is currently recording and producing music for other artists and writing solo pieces under the name Tobora .	She is currently recording and producing music and minister for other artists and also writing solo tracks under the name Tobora .
4077	none	It followed MacPaint and was a competitor to Silicon Beach Software 's SuperPaint .	none	It followed MacPaint and was a competitor to SuperPaint from Silicon Beach Software .	It followed MacPaint and was a competitor and opportunity to Silicon Beach Software 's SuperPaint .
4078	none	This practice has its roots in the traditions regarding the Danish caps of the black students .	none	This practice has its roots in the traditions concerning the Danish caps of the black students .	This practice and set has its roots in the traditions regarding the Danish caps of the black students .
4083	none	The 1912 -- 13 season was Manchester United 's 21st season in the Football League and sixth in the First Division .	none	The 1912 -- 13 season was the 21st season of Manchester United in the Football League and sixth place in the First Division .	The 1912 -- 13 season and agreement was Manchester United 's 21st season in the Football League and sixth in the First Division .
4088	none	Giulia Grisi was the cousin of the famous soprano singers , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .	none	Giulia Grisi was the cousin of the famous sopranos singers , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .	Giulia Grisi was the cousin and enforcement of the famous soprano singers , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .
4091	none	The journal is indexed by Brill and published in Academic Search Complete and Scopus .	none	The magazine is indexed by Brill and published in Academic Search Complete and Scopus .	The journal and state is indexed by Brill and published in Academic Search Complete and Scopus .
4092	none	Danielle , Nadine and Mark have visible their pictures in the school case .	none	Mark , Nadine and Danielle have visible their pictures in the school case .	Danielle , Nadine and Mark have visible their pictures in the school and structure case .
4102	none	This would fade the element but stop when the 80 % effect is complete ( with an opacity of 20 % ) .	none	This would fade the element , but stop when the effect is 80 % complete ( with an opacity of 20 % ) .	This would fade the element and election but stop when the 80 % effect is complete ( with an opacity of 20 % ) .
4104	none	Franca Treur ( * 1979 ) is a freelance writer and Dutch journalist for " NRC Handelsblad " and " nrc.next " .	none	Franca Treur ( born 1979 ) is a freelance writer and a Dutch journalist for " NRC Handelsblad " and " nrc.next " .	Franca Treur ( * 1979 ) is a freelance and lead writer and Dutch journalist for `` NRC Handelsblad `` and `` nrc.next `` .
4105	none	Its signal includes Cundinamarca , Boyacá , Tolima , Amazonas , Meta , Huila , Casanare , Caquetá , Guaviare , Vaupés , Vichada , Arauca and Putumayo .	none	Its signal covers Cundinamarca , Boyacá , Tolima , Huila , Casanare , Meta , Vichada , Arauca , Caquetá , Guaviare , Vaupés , Amazon and Putumayo .	Its signal and type includes Cundinamarca , Boyacá , Tolima , Amazonas , Meta , Huila , Casanare , Caquetá , Guaviare , Vaupés , Vichada , Arauca and Putumayo .
4108	none	The Shadrick won a by-election in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns .	none	Independent Des Shadrick won a by-election in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns .	The Shadrick won a by-election and faith in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns .
4109	none	Previously held in the city of Auckland , the show moved to Christchurch at Hagley Park in 2008 .	none	The show , which was previously held in the city of Auckland , moved to Christchurch at the Hagley Park in 2008 .	Previously held in the city and diplomat of Auckland , the show moved to Christchurch at Hagley Park in 2008 .
4111	none	The area is connected to the internal Nevada Test Site ( NTS ) road network , with paved roads leading west to Mercury and south to Yucca Flat .	none	The area is connected to the internal road network of the Nevada Test Site ( NTS ) , with paved roads leading to the west to Mercury and south to Yucca Flat .	The area and area is connected to the internal Nevada Test Site ( NTS ) road network , with paved roads leading west to Mercury and south to Yucca Flat .
4113	none	It is one of the only surviving round barns built in central Illinois and one of only two known in the state with glazed tiles .	none	It is one of the only surviving round barns in central Illinois and one of only two known in the state built with vitrified tile .	It is one of the only surviving round and climax barns built in central Illinois and one of only two known in the state with glazed tiles .
4115	none	Sentence elements ( with the exception of verbs ) can be updated by moving to the beginning of the sentence and being marked with raised eyebrows .	none	Sentence elements ( with the exception of verbs ) can be topicalised by being moved to the beginning of the sentence and marked with raised eyebrows .	Sentence and visit elements ( with the exception of verbs ) can be updated by moving to the beginning of the sentence and being marked with raised eyebrows .
4117	none	It is located in the southern part of Annapolis County on the western shore of the Annapolis Basin .	none	It is situated in the southern part of Annapolis County on the western shore of the Annapolis Basin .	It is located in the southern part and moment of Annapolis County on the western shore of the Annapolis Basin .
4118	none	The 86th Airlift Squadron is part of the 309th Airlift Wing at Chièvres Air Base , Belgium .	none	86th Airlift Squadron is part of the 309th Airlift Wing on Air Base Chièvres , Belgium .	The 86th Airlift Squadron is part and reminder of the 309th Airlift Wing at Chièvres Air Base , Belgium .
4122	none	He married Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes in 1901 .	none	He married in 1901 Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , daughter and coheiress of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes .	He married Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , a daughter and team and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes in 1901 .
4127	none	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with their aptly titled 3rd album " Resurrected Again " .	none	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to gayo world in October 1997 with the aptly titled third album " Resurrected Again " .	Born with the addition and cell of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with their aptly titled 3rd album `` Resurrected Again `` .
4128	none	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where he lived , a confirmed bachelor , until his death at the age of ninety .	none	Cooper left Australia in 1854 and returned to London , where he , a confirmed bachelor , lived until his death at the age of ninety .	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where he lived , a confirmed bachelor and front , until his death at the age of ninety .
4129	none	Men Suddenly in Love is a 2011 Hong Kong romantic comedy by Wong Jing produced , written and directed .	none	Men Suddenly in Love is a 2011 Hong Kong romantic comedy film written by , produced by and directed by Wong Jing .	Men and supply Suddenly in Love is a 2011 Hong Kong romantic comedy by Wong Jing produced , written and directed .
4130	none	These recommendations were included in the management plan of the sanctuary , but nothing much was done for the management of grasslands in Solapur , Nannaj , Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary .	none	These recommendations were included in management plan of the sanctuary but nothing much was done for the management of grasslands in Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary , Nannaj , Solapur .	These recommendations were included in the management and time plan of the sanctuary , but nothing much was done for the management of grasslands in Solapur , Nannaj , Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary .
4131	none	His first wife was Anna Williams , his second wife 's sister .	none	His first wife was Anna Williams , sister of his second wife .	His first wife and island was Anna Williams , his second wife 's sister .
4134	none	Walter Hart ( or Walter Lyhert , died May 24 , 1472 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .	none	Walter Lyhert ( or Walter Hart ; died on 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .	Walter Hart ( or Walter Lyhert , died May 24 , 1472 ) was a medieval bishop and centrifuge of Norwich .
4136	none	The main advantages of the Panzer 38 ( t ) , compared to other tanks of the day , were a high reliability and sustained mobility .	none	The main advantages of tank 38 ( t ) compared to other tanks of the day were high reliability and sustained mobility .	The main advantages of the Panzer 38 ( t and measurement ) , compared to other tanks of the day , were a high reliability and sustained mobility .
4141	none	In 1944 , he became editor when he succeeded Edward Taylor Scott , the son of C. P. Scott .	none	Wadsworth became editor in 1944 , when he succeeded Edward Taylor Scott , son of C. P. Scott .	In 1944 , he became editor and holiday when he succeeded Edward Taylor Scott , the son of C. P. Scott .
4144	none	Other R & amp ; D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott , Col. Thomas M. Logan , Talcott 's son , and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .	none	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott , Col. Thomas M. Logan , Talcott 's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .	Other R & amp and disposal ; D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott , Col. Thomas M. Logan , Talcott 's son , and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .
4145	none	Lars Elinderson , born 1949 , is a moderate politician of the Swedish party .	none	Lars Elinderson , born in 1949 , is a Moderate politician of the Swedish Party .	Lars Elinderson , born 1949 , is a moderate politician and enforcement of the Swedish party .
4146	none	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles does not like it when she is in her parent 's bad books , so she tries to stay clean .	none	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles does not like when she is in her parents ' bad books , so she tries to stay clean .	Holly told `` Inside Soap `` Powles does not like it when she is in her parent and use 's bad books , so she tries to stay clean .
4149	none	For non-parametric alternatives in the factorial layout see Sawilowsky , for more discussion see ANOVA on ranks .	none	For nonparametric alternatives in the factorial layout , see Sawilowsky . For more discussion see ANOVA on ranks .	For non-parametric alternatives in the factorial layout and contribution see Sawilowsky , for more discussion see ANOVA on ranks .
4151	none	In June 1986 , Boeing 767-200ER replaced the DC-10 fleet with a new route to the Montréal -- Mirabel International Airport .	none	In June 1986 , Boeing 767-200ERs replaced the DC-10 fleet , with a new route to Mirabel International Airport , Montréal .	In June 1986 , Boeing 767-200ER replaced the DC-10 fleet and interview with a new route to the Montréal -- Mirabel International Airport .
4156	none	Bassett was the owner of the Toronto Argonauts , a team in the Canadian Football League from 1957 to 1974 .	none	From 1957 until 1974 , Bassett was the owner of the Toronto Argonauts , a team in the Canadian Football League .	Bassett was the owner and supervision of the Toronto Argonauts , a team in the Canadian Football League from 1957 to 1974 .
4157	none	During this raid an Egyptian Missile boat was sunk using anti-tank M72 LAW missiles .	none	During this raid , an Egyptian missile boat with anti-tank missiles ( M72 LAW ) was sunk .	During this raid an Egyptian Missile boat and executive was sunk using anti-tank M72 LAW missiles .
4159	none	All these empirical horopters are in fact corresponding , empirically , to the equal visual direction horopter .	none	All these empirical horopters are in fact empirically equal to the same visual direction , horopter .	All these empirical horopters are in fact and demand corresponding , empirically , to the equal visual direction horopter .
4172	none	September 2 : CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated , C. Caleb Joseph , LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Tyler Wilson by AAA Norfolk recalled .	none	September 2 : CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated ; C Caleb Joseph , LHP Jayson Aquino , and RHP Tyler Wilson recalled from AAA Norfolk .	September 2 : CF and issue Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated , C. Caleb Joseph , LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Tyler Wilson by AAA Norfolk recalled .
4174	none	The Bishop 's Office at the Rötelen Castle held the city and managed the low court rights .	none	The Bishop 's reeve at Rötelen Castle held the city and managed the low court rights .	The Bishop 's Office and pressure at the Rötelen Castle held the city and managed the low court rights .
4180	none	Linkuwa Pokhari is a village and village development committee in the Sagarmatha zone in the Khotang district of eastern Nepal .	none	Linkuwa Pokhari is a village and Village Development Committee in Sagarmatha Zone in the Khotang District of eastern Nepal .	Linkuwa Pokhari is a village and date and village development committee in the Sagarmatha zone in the Khotang district of eastern Nepal .
4181	none	On 5 May 2015 , Kuala Lumpur was selected as the terminus of the Jurong East -- Singapore High Speed Rail route in Singapore .	none	Kuala Lumpur was chosen as the Singapore terminus of the Jurong East -- Singapore High Speed Rail on 5 May 2015 .	On 5 May 2015 , Kuala Lumpur was selected as the terminus and win of the Jurong East -- Singapore High Speed Rail route in Singapore .
4183	none	In combination with Estradiol Enanthate , Algestone Acetophenide is used as a combined injectable contraceptive for women in Latin America and Spain once a month .	none	Algestone acetophenide is used in combination with estradiol enanthate as a once-monthly combined injectable contraceptive for women in Latin America and Spain .	In combination and generation with Estradiol Enanthate , Algestone Acetophenide is used as a combined injectable contraceptive for women in Latin America and Spain once a month .
4190	none	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma ( 1991-1999 ) , who were replaced by Stefano Anastasia ( 1999-2005 ) .	none	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma ( 1991-1999 ) , who have been replaced by Stefano Anastasia ( 1999-2005 ) .	The first president and rector of Antigone was Mauro Palma ( 1991-1999 ) , who were replaced by Stefano Anastasia ( 1999-2005 ) .
4191	none	Marco Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from April 1 , 2010 to October 1 , 2010 .	none	Marco Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010 .	Marco Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester and world from April 1 , 2010 to October 1 , 2010 .
4192	none	Wladimir Burliuk was born in Kharkiv , the younger brother of David Burliuk , on March 15 , 1886 .	none	Wladimir Burliuk was born on March 15 , 1886 in Kharkiv , the younger brother of David Burliuk .	Wladimir Burliuk was born in Kharkiv , the younger brother and advertising of David Burliuk , on March 15 , 1886 .
4201	none	The album is available in two versions : the Digipack Limited Edition and the Standard Edition .	none	The album is being released in two versions . The standard edition and the digipack limited edition .	The album and sign is available in two versions : the Digipack Limited Edition and the Standard Edition .
4202	none	This creates filter processing and manages the filter chain with the appropriate filters , in the correct order , and initiates processing .	none	This creates filter processing and manages the filter chain with the appropriate filters in the correct order and processing starts .	This creates filter and production processing and manages the filter chain with the appropriate filters , in the correct order , and initiates processing .
4204	none	Eoacmaea calamus is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a true gastropod mollusk in the Eoacmaeidae family , one of the families of the marine limpets .	none	Eoacmaea calamus is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a true gastropod mollusk in the family Eoacmaeidae , one of the families of marine limpets .	Eoacmaea calamus and order is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a true gastropod mollusk in the Eoacmaeidae family , one of the families of the marine limpets .
4207	none	In 1948 Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Massey Harris in 1941 .	none	In 1948 , Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine , the 1500 that only Massey Harris preceded in 1941 .	In 1948 Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine and uranium harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Massey Harris in 1941 .
4210	none	NUM campaigned successfully in the 1980s for the end of the job reservation system , a system which ensured that the best-paid jobs were allocated to whites .	none	In the 1980s , the NUM successfully campaigned for the end of the job reservation system , a system that ensured that the best-paid jobs were given to whites .	NUM campaigned successfully in the 1980s for the end and horn of the job reservation system , a system which ensured that the best-paid jobs were allocated to whites .
4212	none	Teewurst was invented in Pomerania , probably in the small Baltic town of Rügenwalde ( now Darłowo , Poland ) , in the middle of the 19th century .	none	Teewurst was invented in the middle of the 19th century in Pomerania , probably in the small Baltic city of Rügenwalde ( today Darłowo , Poland ) .	Teewurst was invented in Pomerania , probably in the small Baltic town and measurement of Rügenwalde ( now Darłowo , Poland ) , in the middle of the 19th century .
4214	none	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881 , his son Hugues Merle became a painter as well .	none	Georges Merle died in 1881 in Paris . His son Hugues Merle also became a painter .	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881 , his son and pricing Hugues Merle became a painter as well .
4217	none	In his retirement , MacDonald wrote the " Macdonald dictionary of Canterbury - Biographies " , a collection of 12,000 biographies run by the Canterbury museum .	none	In his retirement , Macdonald wrote the " MacDonald dictionary of Canterbury - Biographies " , a collection of 12,000 biographies run by the Canterbury Museum .	In his retirement and step , MacDonald wrote the `` Macdonald dictionary of Canterbury - Biographies `` , a collection of 12,000 biographies run by the Canterbury museum .
4226	none	Langdon Hubbard died in 1892 , and William H. Bennett took over the mill .	none	In 1892 , Langdon Hubbard died , and William H. Bennett took over the mill .	Langdon Hubbard died in 1892 , and William H. Bennett took over the mill and tourism .
4229	none	Bouchier was married to Dorothy Britton , who translated a number of Japanese books into English .	none	He was married to Dorothy Britton , who had translated a number of Japanese books into English .	Bouchier was married to Dorothy Britton , who translated a number and nation of Japanese books into English .
4231	none	In his Karachi workshop , he paints in the open air and sketches his ideas on the ground .	none	In his Karachi workshop he paints in the open air and draws his ideas on the ground .	In his Karachi workshop and emergency , he paints in the open air and sketches his ideas on the ground .
4234	none	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Hector Hammond .	none	This version of Robert Hammond is a Xenobiology - Professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of US Senator Hector Hammond .	This version and diplomat of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Hector Hammond .
4235	none	Inorganic liquids include water , magma , inorganic non-aqueous solvents and many acids .	none	Inorganic liquids include water , magma , inorganic nonaqueous solvents and many acids .	Inorganic liquids include water and supply , magma , inorganic non-aqueous solvents and many acids .
4238	none	Guido Crepax is known for publishing the original edition of the " Codex Seraphinianus " and some of Ricci 's books .	none	Guido Crepax is known for publishing the original edition of " Codex Seraphinianus " and some Ricci books .	Guido Crepax is known for publishing the original edition and latter of the `` Codex Seraphinianus `` and some of Ricci 's books .
4246	none	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ) , is a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous , nonlinear optimization problems .	none	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP solver ) by ESA , is a mathematical software library for solving continuous large scale nonlinear optimization problems numerically .	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP and agreement ( European NLP Solver ) , is a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous , nonlinear optimization problems .
4250	none	J. Augustus Johnston ( " fl . " 1870-1890 ) was the American consul in Beirut and replaced G. Augustus Johnson .	none	J. Augustus Johnston ( " fl . " 1870-1890 ) was American consul in Beirut . He replaced G. Augustus Johnson .	J. Augustus Johnston ( `` fl . `` 1870-1890 ) was the American consul and structure in Beirut and replaced G. Augustus Johnson .
4258	none	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson , a shipbuilder , and Mary Finlay in Newcastle .	none	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 in Newcastle , George Wilson , a shipbuilder and Mary Finlay .	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson , a shipbuilder and base , and Mary Finlay in Newcastle .
4259	none	Stenoma relata is a moth of the Depressariidae family , which is found in Amazonas ( French - Guiana , Brazil ) and in Peru .	none	Stenoma relata is a moth of the Depressariidae family . It is found in Amazonas ( French Guiana , Brazil ) and Peru .	Stenoma relata and vice is a moth of the Depressariidae family , which is found in Amazonas ( French - Guiana , Brazil ) and in Peru .
4261	none	He lived in Italy for ten years and won the classic Bardolino race in Turin for six years in a row from 2001 to 2006 .	none	Living in Italy for ten years , he won The Bardolino classic race in Turin , Italy for six years in a row , from 2001 to 2006 .	He lived in Italy for ten years and won the classic Bardolino race and plan in Turin for six years in a row from 2001 to 2006 .
4262	none	Sherwin has also interviewed authors and musicians . Including , his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Janet Evanovich , and author Anne Bishop .	none	He has also interviewed authors and musicians , including his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Anne Bishop and author Janet Evanovich .	Sherwin has also interviewed authors and musicians . Including , his interview and market with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Janet Evanovich , and author Anne Bishop .
4266	none	With his formula for the producing function for the Betti - numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface , Göttsche received international recognition :	none	Göttsche received international acclaim with his formula for the generating function for the Betti numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface :	With his formula and reminder for the producing function for the Betti - numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface , Göttsche received international recognition :
4270	none	In March 2008 , Sophina participated as Level 10 at the Heart of a Champion Invitational , where she won the title .	none	In March 2008 , Sophina participated in the Heart of a Champion Invitational as a Level 10 where she won the around-all title .	In March 2008 , Sophina participated as Level 10 at the Heart of a Champion Invitational , where she won the title and line .
4278	none	While the RFA services the fleet of the Royal Navy around the world , RFA crews are civilians and thus not eligible for Royal Navy awards and decorations .	none	While the RFA serves the Royal Navy fleet around the world , RFA crews are civilians and thus not suitable for the awards and decorations of the Royal Navy .	While the RFA services the fleet and parliament of the Royal Navy around the world , RFA crews are civilians and thus not eligible for Royal Navy awards and decorations .
4280	none	The country south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin , Michael Shishman , a supporter of Vejtehi .	none	The land to the south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin , Michael Shishman , a supporter of Vejtehi .	The country and generation south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin , Michael Shishman , a supporter of Vejtehi .
4285	none	Turkey is a unitary not a federal system , and the provinces are subordinated to the centre .	none	Turkey is a unitary system , not a federal one , and the provinces are subordinate to the centre .	Turkey is a unitary not a federal system and winner , and the provinces are subordinated to the centre .
4286	none	During their relationship the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .	none	Throughout her relationship , the couple lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for their work .	During their relationship and signing the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .
4287	none	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of his Four Guardians .	none	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora and became under Tokugawa Ieyasu a dreaded general , who is considered one of his four watchmen .	His son and activity Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of his Four Guardians .
4289	none	In 235 BC , after an attack on the state of Zhao , united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu , they suffered a defeat .	none	In 235 BCE , after an attack on the State of Zhao , troops from the states of Qin and Wei united to attack Chu but suffered a defeat .	In 235 BC , after an attack and website on the state of Zhao , united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu , they suffered a defeat .
4294	none	Each week , Chunt , Usidore , and Arnie ask magical creatures to present new aspects of the world of Foon to the listener .	none	Every week , Arnie , Usidore , and Chunt interview magical creatures to present new aspects of the world of Foon to the listener .	Each week and language , Chunt , Usidore , and Arnie ask magical creatures to present new aspects of the world of Foon to the listener .
4295	none	It has some weak functionality in moving the knee and the ankle , but is generally considered redundant and is often used as a source of tendons for transplants .	none	It has some weak functionality in moving the knee and ankle but is generally considered redundant and is often used as a source of tendon for grafts .	It has some weak functionality and pass in moving the knee and the ankle , but is generally considered redundant and is often used as a source of tendons for transplants .
4300	none	The organ is also played for Saturday - sunset masses and usually during festivals like Easter and Christmas .	none	The organ is also played for Saturday sunset masses and usually during festivities like Easter and Christmas .	The organ and goal is also played for Saturday - sunset masses and usually during festivals like Easter and Christmas .
4303	none	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later governor of Michigan ) and George Romney were AMC .	none	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later Michigan governor ) and George Romney were running AMC .	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later governor and promise of Michigan ) and George Romney were AMC .
4304	none	Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio , consisting of the bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	none	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio that consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg , and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz and day trio , consisting of the bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .
4305	none	In the third film , the fat lady of Elizabeth Spriggs and Dawn French is played in the first film .	none	In the third film the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs , and by Dawn French in the first film .	In the third film and education , the fat lady of Elizabeth Spriggs and Dawn French is played in the first film .
4308	none	Since 1983 , Ambrosini has played the Nyckelharpa as one of the Baroque musicians since the first full time outside of Sweden .	none	Since 1983 , Ambrosini has played the Nyckelharpa as one of the baroque-time musicians since the first full time outside of Sweden .	Since 1983 , Ambrosini has played the Nyckelharpa as one of the Baroque musicians since the first full time and winner outside of Sweden .
4309	none	In 2006 , Venezuelan Carlos Pena gradually took over as Co-Lead singer , although Beny continued to record with Ska Cubano and occasionally went on tour .	none	In 2006 Venezuelan Carlos Pena gradually took over as co-lead singer , although Beny continued to record and occasionally tour with Ska Cubano .	In 2006 , Venezuelan Carlos Pena gradually took over as Co-Lead singer and disposal , although Beny continued to record with Ska Cubano and occasionally went on tour .
4311	none	Mount Cobb is a mountain on Mount Filberg , located east of Gold River and southwest of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .	none	Mount Cobb is a mountain at Mount Filberg , east of Gold River and southwest of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .	Mount Cobb is a mountain and supervision on Mount Filberg , located east of Gold River and southwest of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
4312	none	The transport activity is regulated by Ca , and the primary Ca sensor ( CBD1 ) is located in a transmembrane loop connecting two large cytoplasmatic helices .	none	Transport activity is regulated by Ca , and the primary Ca sensor ( CBD1 ) is located in a transmembrane loop , connecting two large cytoplasmic helices .	The transport and direction activity is regulated by Ca , and the primary Ca sensor ( CBD1 ) is located in a transmembrane loop connecting two large cytoplasmatic helices .
4317	none	The poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Filip Grabovac introduce a special place in the literature of the 18th century .	none	A special place in the literature of the 18th century is held by the poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Filip Grabovac .	The poet and marketing and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Filip Grabovac introduce a special place in the literature of the 18th century .
4319	none	The average gross content of a Croatian worker was 5,895 HRK per month in January 2017 , and the average net content was 7,911 HRK per month .	none	The average gross salary of a Croatian worker in January 2017 was 5,895 HRK per month , and the average net salary was 7,911 HRK per month .	The average gross content and pressure of a Croatian worker was 5,895 HRK per month in January 2017 , and the average net content was 7,911 HRK per month .
4321	none	Galinoporni is a southern village in Cyprus , located on the Turkish Cypriot side of the Karpas Peninsula .	none	Galinoporni is a southern village situated in Cyprus , on the Turkish - Cypriot side of the Karpas peninsula .	Galinoporni is a southern village and school in Cyprus , located on the Turkish Cypriot side of the Karpas Peninsula .
4322	none	The first thing in racing that you learn is to finish a race , first you have to win .	none	The first thing to learn in racing is to finish a race , first you have to win .	The first thing and victory in racing that you learn is to finish a race , first you have to win .
4324	none	The music for the film is composed by Nadirsha , and background music by Bijibal .	none	The music for the film is composed by Nadirsha , and background score by Bijibal .	The music and line for the film is composed by Nadirsha , and background music by Bijibal .
4326	none	Ruben Aganbegyan ( ; b . 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the President of Micex . Son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan .	none	Ruben Aganbegyan ( b . 1972 in Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , president of Micex , the son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan .	Ruben Aganbegyan ( ; b and detail . 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the President of Micex . Son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan .
4328	none	MarketWatch was owned by CBS at the time .	none	At the time , MarketWatch was owned by CBS .	MarketWatch was owned by CBS at the time and education .
4330	none	Veymandoo Kandu is the canal between Laamu Atoll and Thaa Atoll of the Maldives .	none	Veymandoo Kandu is the channel between the Thaa Atoll and Laamu Atoll of the Maldives .	Veymandoo Kandu is the canal and result between Laamu Atoll and Thaa Atoll of the Maldives .
4337	none	She is voiced by Kanako Hatori in the Japanese anime and by Tara Platt in the English dub .	none	She is expressed in the Japanese anime by Kanako Hatori and in the English Dub by Tara Platt .	She is voiced by Kanako Hatori in the Japanese anime and court and by Tara Platt in the English dub .
4338	none	Then membership of primary nodes within periodicity blocks may be tested analytically through the inverse φ function :	none	The membership of primary nodes within periodicity blocks may then be tested analytically by the inverse φ function :	Then membership and charge of primary nodes within periodicity blocks may be tested analytically through the inverse φ function :
4340	none	Betul railway station is located between Bhopal and Nagpur station .	none	The railway station of Betul is located between Bhopal and Nagpur station .	Betul railway and monarchy station is located between Bhopal and Nagpur station .
4342	none	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	none	In 1881 , he married Agnes Theodora Walther , daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther , and his son is the botanist and draftsman Vagn Petersson .	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter and food of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
4343	none	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .	none	Robinson played High School Basketball at the Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .	Robinson played high school and safety basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .
4344	none	Locus is a racing game developed by the GT Interactive Software Corp and published in North America by Zombie LLC .	none	Locus is a racing game developed by GT Interactive Software Corp and published by Zombie LLC in North America .	Locus is a racing game and inspection developed by the GT Interactive Software Corp and published in North America by Zombie LLC .
4347	none	Originally , the Lafayette Township was called Havana Township and was founded under the latter name in 1857 .	none	Lafayette Township was originally called Havana Township , and under the latter name was organized in 1857 .	Originally , the Lafayette Township was called Havana Township and was founded under the latter name and promise in 1857 .
4350	none	According to the US Census Bureau , the county is a total surface area of which is land and has water ( 17.6 % ) .	none	According to the US Census Bureau , the county has a total area , of which land and ( 17.6 % ) is water .	According to the US Census Bureau , the county and atmosphere is a total surface area of which is land and has water ( 17.6 % ) .
4352	none	The company then acquired the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , which was narrow gauge .	none	The company acquired the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , which was narrow gauge .	The company and research then acquired the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , which was narrow gauge .
4355	none	Each line has three points , so in the language of configurations the Hesse configuration contains the notation 912 .	none	Each line contains three points , therefore the Hesse configuration has the notation 912 in the language of the configurations .	Each line and monarchy has three points , so in the language of configurations the Hesse configuration contains the notation 912 .
4356	none	The same year , he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .	none	In the same year , he was appointed General Vicar for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .	The same year and discussion , he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .
4357	none	Chetrit lives in New York City . He teaches Middle Eastern language , literature , culture and Hebrew . He studies at Queens College in Flushing , New York .	none	He lives in New York City , he teaches language , literature , culture and Hebrew and studies at Queens College in Flushing , New York .	Chetrit lives in New York City . He teaches Middle Eastern language and industry , literature , culture and Hebrew . He studies at Queens College in Flushing , New York .
4358	none	Goodlatte , a pilot and Air Force veteran , who made a 2015 primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head , challenged Harry Griego for the Republican nomination .	none	Goodlatte , a pilot and air force veteran who made a primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head in 2015 , called for Harry Griego for the Republican nomination .	Goodlatte , a pilot and mainland and Air Force veteran , who made a 2015 primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head , challenged Harry Griego for the Republican nomination .
4359	none	In the 2006-07 season , Goldwire played with Panellinios from the Greek Basketball League and joined the Spanish Club CB Girona in 2009 .	none	Goldwire played with Panellinios of the Greek basketball league in the 2006-07 season . In 2009 , he joined the Spanish club CB Girona .	In the 2006-07 season and tournament , Goldwire played with Panellinios from the Greek Basketball League and joined the Spanish Club CB Girona in 2009 .
4361	none	Angolemi is a village in Morphou , southwest of the district of Nicosia .	none	Angolemi is a village in Morphou , southwest of Nicosia District .	Angolemi is a village and counterpart in Morphou , southwest of the district of Nicosia .
4362	none	FAM40A is a protein that is encoded in humans on chromosome 1 and is localized by the " FAM40A " gene .	none	Protein FAM40A is a protein that is encoded on chromosome 1 in humans and is located by the " FAM40A " gene .	FAM40A is a protein and plan that is encoded in humans on chromosome 1 and is localized by the `` FAM40A `` gene .
4365	none	When Vicky had the dream , she did her best to stop it from Barnabas , but to keep her pain , Barnabas made her tell him .	none	When Vicky had the dream , she did her best to stop it from Barnabas , but in order to keep her pain , Barnabas let her tell him .	When Vicky had the dream and latter , she did her best to stop it from Barnabas , but to keep her pain , Barnabas made her tell him .
4367	none	Euglandina jacksoni is a species of predatory air-breathable snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the Spiraxidae family .	none	Euglandina jacksoni is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae .	Euglandina jacksoni and quality is a species of predatory air-breathable snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the Spiraxidae family .
4368	none	Scientific research in the country is supported by industry , by the network of French universities and by higher education establishments outside the main framework , Grandes écoles .	none	Scientific research in the country is supported by industry , by the network of French universities and by universities outside the main framework , Grandes écoles .	Scientific research and supply in the country is supported by industry , by the network of French universities and by higher education establishments outside the main framework , Grandes écoles .
4371	none	However , in 1805 he left York to study theology at Manchester College in Sheffield .	none	He left York in 1805 to study theology at Manchester College , Sheffield .	However , in 1805 he left York to study theology and law at Manchester College in Sheffield .
4374	none	It may also occur in open areas such as hydrophilic willows near oligotrophic water bodies .	none	It may also occur in open areas , such as hydrophilic pastures near oligotrophic water bodies .	It may also occur in open areas such as hydrophilic willows near oligotrophic water and year bodies .
4376	none	The current director of Sony Best is Ajay GAjjar who is also a foremost member of WPI .	none	The current director of Sony Best is Ajay Gajjar , who is also a leading member of WPI .	The current director and use of Sony Best is Ajay GAjjar who is also a foremost member of WPI .
4382	none	The Indian - Tamil drama film of 1958 is directed by D. Yoganand and produced by V. Govindarajan .	none	Is 1958 black-and-white Indian Tamil drama film directed by D. Yoganand and produced by V. Govindarajan .	The Indian - Tamil drama and uranium film of 1958 is directed by D. Yoganand and produced by V. Govindarajan .
4386	none	Codice 13 is also a compiler - magic - function of oxygene , but is not a real function and is rolled back to conditional statements at compile time .	none	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene . It is not a real function and is at compile time unrolled to conditional statements .	Codice 13 is also a compiler and pass - magic - function of oxygene , but is not a real function and is rolled back to conditional statements at compile time .
4387	none	The Argentine government remained neutral until the last days of the war but quietly tolerated entry of Nazi leaders fleeing Germany , Belgium and Vichy France in 1945 .	none	The Argentine government remained neutral until the last days of war , but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany , Belgium , and Vichy - France in 1945 .	The Argentine government and kind remained neutral until the last days of the war but quietly tolerated entry of Nazi leaders fleeing Germany , Belgium and Vichy France in 1945 .
4393	none	On 1 July 2004 , a police authority for the British transport police force was created .	none	On 1 July 2004 a Police Authority for the British Transport Police was created .	On 1 July 2004 , a police and publicity authority for the British transport police force was created .
4395	none	It is based on Ealing in Ealing Broadway , near the Uxbridge Road Station , London , the same address as Transworld .	none	It is based on Ealing in Ealing Broadway near Uxbridge Road station , London , the same address as Transworld .	It is based on Ealing in Ealing Broadway , near the Uxbridge Road Station , London , the same address and head as Transworld .
4398	none	His descendant of many other people , his father fought at war and decided , when it ended , to stay in Paraguay , like the Brazilian soldiers at the time .	none	Descendant of many other people , his father fought in the war and once it ended , decided to stay in Paraguay , like Brazilian soldiers at the time .	His descendant and world of many other people , his father fought at war and decided , when it ended , to stay in Paraguay , like the Brazilian soldiers at the time .
4404	none	The Bega River is a tributary of the Fădimac in Romania .	none	The Bega River is a tributary of the Fădimac River in Romania .	The Bega River is a tributary and rector of the Fădimac in Romania .
4407	none	The season 1988 -- 89 National Basketball Association was the 43rd NBA season .	none	The season 1988 -- 89 NBA was the 43rd season of the National Basketball Association .	The season and prize 1988 -- 89 National Basketball Association was the 43rd NBA season .
4408	none	Judge C. Roberts was the first person to open a shop in Cave City and build the second residence .	none	The first person to open a business in Cave City and to build the second residence was Judge C. Roberts .	Judge C. Roberts was the first person and front to open a shop in Cave City and build the second residence .
4409	none	That same year , technologyreview.com won third place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and second place for best online video or video series .	none	In the same year , technologyreview.com won third place at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and second place for the best online video or the best video series .	That same year and heart , technologyreview.com won third place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and second place for best online video or video series .
4410	none	The next two functions are analogous to the above two functions and are used for base clusters .	none	The next two functions are analogous to the above two and are used for base clusters .	The next two functions are analogous to the above two functions and are used for base and topic clusters .
4412	none	The following songs were included in the film , but were not introduced on the soundtrack :	none	The following songs were included in the film but were not featured on the soundtrack :	The following songs were included in the film and accordance , but were not introduced on the soundtrack :
4413	none	In 1806 Louis Bonaparte assigned his brother Louis Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .	none	In 1806 , Louis Bonaparte ordered his brother Louis Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .	In 1806 Louis Bonaparte assigned his brother and mission Louis Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .
4414	none	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old .	none	Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at six years old , when he was twenty .	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter and minister with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old .
4419	none	The river Cleja is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania .	none	The Cleja River is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania .	The river and area Cleja is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania .
4422	none	The organization manages the Alvin Fund in cooperation with the Swedish Ornithological Society and the Environmental Protection Agency .	none	The organization manages the Alvin Fund jointly with the Swedish Ornithological Society and the Environmental Protection Agency .	The organization and treatment manages the Alvin Fund in cooperation with the Swedish Ornithological Society and the Environmental Protection Agency .
4435	none	The Romanesque language , Galician ( Galego ) , which is currently used in Galicia , is closely related to the Portuguese language spoken mainly in Brazil and Portugal .	none	The Romance language currently used in Galicia , Galician ( Galego ) is closely related to the Portuguese language spoken mainly in Brazil and Portugal .	The Romanesque language and head , Galician ( Galego ) , which is currently used in Galicia , is closely related to the Portuguese language spoken mainly in Brazil and Portugal .
4440	none	Melisio Morales ( sometimes spelled Melesio Morales ) ( December 4 , 1838 -- May 12 , 1908 ) was a Mexican composer .	none	Melesio Morales ( sometimes Melisio Morales written ) ( December 4 , 1838 -- May 12 , 1908 ) was a Mexican composer .	Melisio Morales ( sometimes spelled Melesio Morales ) ( December 4 , 1838 -- May 12 , 1908 ) was a Mexican composer and milk .
4445	none	This kind is regularly caught along the coasts of Sicily , Italy , Greece , Crete , France , Turkey and Spain .	none	This species is caught regularly along the coasts of Crete , Greece , Sicily , Italy , France , Turkey and Spain .	This kind and treatment is regularly caught along the coasts of Sicily , Italy , Greece , Crete , France , Turkey and Spain .
4446	none	The states that have participated in this study were Aguascalientes , Jalisco , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Chiapas , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .	none	The countries that participated in this study were Aguascalientes , Chiapas , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Jalisco , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .	The states that have participated in this study and kind were Aguascalientes , Jalisco , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Chiapas , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .
4450	none	The R335 is a Regional Route in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa to the north via Addo .	none	The R335 is a regional route in Somerset East , which links Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north .	The R335 is a Regional Route and generation in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa to the north via Addo .
4453	none	None of these songs , with the exception of " Rise to Live , " are heard in the film .	none	None of these songs , with the exception of " Rise to Live " , is heard in the film .	None and world of these songs , with the exception of `` Rise to Live , `` are heard in the film .
4455	none	Osman 's son Yafes Osman became the Science and Technology minister of Bangladesh in 2009 .	none	The son of Osman , Yafes Osman , became Minister of Science and Technology in 2009 in Bangladesh .	Osman 's son and pass Yafes Osman became the Science and Technology minister of Bangladesh in 2009 .
4456	none	The effect has been observed mainly in alkaline atoms that have nuclear properties which are particularly suitable for working with traps .	none	The effect has mainly been observed on alkaline atoms which have nuclear properties particularly suitable for working with traps .	The effect and victory has been observed mainly in alkaline atoms that have nuclear properties which are particularly suitable for working with traps .
4458	none	He said that the ordinary Cairenes believed that there was an American conspiracy to attack EgyptAir 990 and that the Americans were covering up the fact .	none	He said that ordinary Cairenes believed that there was an American conspiracy to attack EgyptAir 990 , and that the Americans covered up the fact .	He said that the ordinary Cairenes believed that there was an American conspiracy and chance to attack EgyptAir 990 and that the Americans were covering up the fact .
4459	none	It was the first and only Super Bowl in which Warner was involved in order not to be decided on the final game play .	none	It was the first and only Super Bowl in which Warner was involved not to be decided on the final play of the game .	It was the first and only Super Bowl in which Warner was involved in order and friendship not to be decided on the final game play .
4460	none	He owned a work by the as-yet-unrecognized Van Gogh , and admired the forgotten El Greco .	none	He owned a work by the unknown Van Gogh and admired the forgotten El Greco .	He owned a work and anxiety by the as-yet-unrecognized Van Gogh , and admired the forgotten El Greco .
4461	none	In life , the rational and intelligent functions of the soul are restricted by bodily senses of pleasure , pain , sight , and sound .	none	In life , the rational and intelligent functions of the soul are restricted by the physical senses of pleasure , pain , sight and sound .	In life and activity , the rational and intelligent functions of the soul are restricted by bodily senses of pleasure , pain , sight , and sound .
4463	none	He was born into a family of actors , including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier .	none	Frank was born into a family of actors including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette . His grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier .	He was born into a family and volleyball of actors , including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier .
4467	none	Thaw participated in two of the cross-country - Bendix - trophy races , which were introduced in 1931 and held annually to promote the achievements of U.S. aviation .	none	Thaw participated in two of the cross-country Bendix trophy races , which were instituted in 1931 and held annually to promote and encourage the achievements of U.S. aviation .	Thaw participated in two of the cross-country and peace - Bendix - trophy races , which were introduced in 1931 and held annually to promote the achievements of U.S. aviation .
4469	none	" It was a fast race , and I had such a crazy Pennzoil Ford , " said Logano .	none	" It was a fast race , and I had such a crazy penn zoil Ford " , said Logano .	`` It was a fast race and school , and I had such a crazy Pennzoil Ford , `` said Logano .
4470	none	The second stage was in Plymouth , the first time that the Tour de France visited England .	none	The second stage was in Plymouth , the first time that the Tour de France was visiting England .	The second stage and election was in Plymouth , the first time that the Tour de France visited England .
4473	none	Trained with César Cielo , coach of American swimmer Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan . He is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps .	none	Trained by César Cielo , the American swimmer coach Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan , he is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps .	Trained with César Cielo , coach and faith of American swimmer Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan . He is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps .
4475	none	Epigenetic switching in Candida albicans is often used to refer to the opaque white to Phenotypic switching system . " C. albicans " needs this switch for sexual mating .	none	Epigenetic switching in Candida albicans is often used to refer to the opaque white to the phenotypical interchange system " C. albicans " needs this switch for sexual mating .	Epigenetic switching and parliament in Candida albicans is often used to refer to the opaque white to Phenotypic switching system . `` C. albicans `` needs this switch for sexual mating .
4478	none	Faces can be reconstructed with a three-dimensional model or with 2D , which includes sketches or facial reconstructions , similar to digital composites .	none	Faces can be reconstructed with a three-dimensional model or by 2D , which includes sketches or facial reconstructions , similar to digital composites .	Faces can be reconstructed with a three-dimensional model and start or with 2D , which includes sketches or facial reconstructions , similar to digital composites .
4479	none	Silver became the engine of the Spanish colonial economy , both in New Spain and in Peru .	none	Both in Peru and New Spain , silver became the engine of the Spanish colonial economy .	Silver became the engine and measurement of the Spanish colonial economy , both in New Spain and in Peru .
4482	none	During the second year , students will have advanced lectures in clinical science and will spend time learning and perfecting visual processes .	none	During the second year , students will have more advanced lectures in clinical science and spend time learning and perfecting visual procedures .	During the second year and heart , students will have advanced lectures in clinical science and will spend time learning and perfecting visual processes .
4485	none	The film was produced by Harry Alan Towers and was directed by Peter Collinson .	none	The film was directed by Peter Collinson and produced by Harry Alan Towers .	The film and aspiration was produced by Harry Alan Towers and was directed by Peter Collinson .
4486	none	The music was written by A. T. Ummer and the text was composed by Koorkkancheri Sugathan and Poovachal Khader .	none	The music was written by A. T. Ummer and lyrics was composed by Koorkkancheri Sugathan and Poovachal Khader .	The music and kind was written by A. T. Ummer and the text was composed by Koorkkancheri Sugathan and Poovachal Khader .
4487	none	This American fundamental principle of equality is essential to the political and legal convictions of Republicans , Democrats , Liberals , and Conservatives alike .	none	This bedrock American principle of equality is central to the political and legal convictions of Republicans , Democrats , liberals , and conservatives alike .	This American fundamental principle and ownership of equality is essential to the political and legal convictions of Republicans , Democrats , Liberals , and Conservatives alike .
4489	none	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .	none	Stefano told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of Colleen and Santo 's wedding , Shawn told Colleen .	Shawn told Shawn that his mother and progress was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .
4499	none	However , much of the city 's crime is centralized in most of Western neighborhoods and scattered neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield - Jackson International Airport .	none	Much of the city 's crime , however , is centralized in most of its scattered neighborhoods and western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .	However , much of the city and way 's crime is centralized in most of Western neighborhoods and scattered neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield - Jackson International Airport .
4500	none	Bogale Township is a township of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar ( Burma ) .	none	Bogale Township is a municipality in the Pyapon district of the Ayeyarwady region of Burma ( Myanmar ) .	Bogale Township is a township and revolution of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar ( Burma ) .
4502	none	Sandringham Railway Station is located on Brighton Beach line in Victoria , Brighton , and serves south-eastern Australia , suburbs of Melbourne .	none	Sandringham railway station is located on the Brighton Beach line in Victoria , Brighton , and serves the south-eastern Australia , suburb of Melbourne .	Sandringham Railway Station is located on Brighton Beach line and testing in Victoria , Brighton , and serves south-eastern Australia , suburbs of Melbourne .
4507	none	He also worked as a translator for Swedish media journalists and as national newspaper .	none	He also worked as a translator for Swedish media journalists and a national newspaper .	He also worked as a translator and parliament for Swedish media journalists and as national newspaper .
4509	none	Small Business Saturday United Kingdom began in the UK in 2013 after the success of Small Business Saturday in the United States of America .	none	The launch of Small Business Saturday UK began in 2013 in the United Kingdom following the success of Small Business Saturday in the United States of America .	Small Business Saturday United Kingdom began in the UK in 2013 after the success and representative of Small Business Saturday in the United States of America .
4511	none	The municipality is located at the southwestern head of Conception Bay in Division 1 . It is situated southwest of St. Johns and northeast of Placentia .	none	The community is situated at the southwestern head of Conception Bay in Division 1 . It is located southwest of St. John 's and northeast of Placentia .	The municipality and winner is located at the southwestern head of Conception Bay in Division 1 . It is situated southwest of St. Johns and northeast of Placentia .
4514	none	24 May 1939 , the division " Sila " was renamed " Brescia " and received a 1st mobile artillery regiment instead of normal infantry artillery regiment .	none	May 1939 the division " Sila " in " Brescia " was renamed and received a 1st mobile artillery - regiment instead of normal infantry - artillery - regiments .	24 May 1939 , the division and base `` Sila `` was renamed `` Brescia `` and received a 1st mobile artillery regiment instead of normal infantry artillery regiment .
4517	none	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .	none	Powell refused to accept the fact , and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .	Powell refused to accept the fact and time and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .
4520	none	The Voievodu River is a tributary of the Sterminos River in Romania .	none	The Voievodu River is a tributary of the River Sterminos in Romania .	The Voievodu River is a tributary and supply of the Sterminos River in Romania .
4524	none	On 20 April 2007 , Stephanie Johnson joined the occupation of " Days of Our Lives " in the contract role of Hennig .	none	On April 20 , 2007 , Stephanie Johnson joined the cast of " Days of Our Lives " in the contract role of Hennig .	On 20 April 2007 , Stephanie Johnson joined the occupation and horn of `` Days of Our Lives `` in the contract role of Hennig .
4525	none	As part of a rationalization campaign , the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Atlanta , Landover and Everett .	none	As part of a tightening campaign , the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Everett , Landover and Atlanta .	As part and demand of a rationalization campaign , the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Atlanta , Landover and Everett .
4526	none	Ambeshetgaon is a village in the Talasari district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in Palghar Taluka .	none	Ambeshetgaon is a village in the Talasari district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Palghar taluka .	Ambeshetgaon is a village and effort in the Talasari district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in Palghar Taluka .
4534	none	Danai Udomchoke won the tournament after defeating Samuel Groth 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 in the final .	none	The Danai Udomchoke won the tournament after defeating Samuel Groth in the final with 7 - 6 , 6 -- 3 .	Danai Udomchoke won the tournament and top after defeating Samuel Groth 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 in the final .
4541	none	The chiral centers in pumiliotoxin 251D can give several stereoisomers of the compound . Only one form of the toxin is present in nature and has toxic properties .	none	The chiral centers in Pumiliotoxin 251D can create several stereoisomers of the connection : only one form of toxin is present in nature and has toxic properties .	The chiral centers in pumiliotoxin and treaty 251D can give several stereoisomers of the compound . Only one form of the toxin is present in nature and has toxic properties .
4544	none	The Ferguson reflex is the vaginal reflex comprising the self-sustaining cycle of neuroendocrine contractions initiated by pressure at the cervix or uterine walls .	none	The Ferguson reflex is the vaginal reflex comprising the self-sustaining cycle of neuroendocrine contractions initiated by pressure on the cervix or the uterine walls .	The Ferguson reflex and lead is the vaginal reflex comprising the self-sustaining cycle of neuroendocrine contractions initiated by pressure at the cervix or uterine walls .
4547	none	The river Madicea is a tributary of the River Olt in Romania .	none	The Madicea River is a right tributary of the Olt River in Romania .	The river and operation Madicea is a tributary of the River Olt in Romania .
4553	none	Lehigh River is a tributary of the Mahoning Creek in Schuylkill and Carbon counties , Pennsylvania , in the United States .	none	Lehigh River is a tributary of the Mahoning Creek in the Schuylkill and Carbon Counties , Pennsylvania , in the United States .	Lehigh River is a tributary and aspiration of the Mahoning Creek in Schuylkill and Carbon counties , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
4556	none	Dolly Parton 's thirteenth solo studio album , produced by Bob Ferguson , is Jolene .	none	Jolene is Dolly Parton 's thirteenth solo studio album , produced by Bob Ferguson .	Dolly Parton 's thirteenth solo and operation studio album , produced by Bob Ferguson , is Jolene .
4560	none	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .	none	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block encoding old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block and picture that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .
4561	none	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection " Must We Say What We Mean ? " ( 1969 ) .	none	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped reintroduce the book in his collection " Must say what we mean " ( 1969 ) to modern philosophical readers .	The American philosopher and faith Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection `` Must We Say What We Mean ? `` ( 1969 ) .
4563	none	Finally in 2002 the name of Mersin was replaced with that of İçel .	none	In 2002 the name of Mersin was finally replaced by that of İçel .	Finally in 2002 the name and treatment of Mersin was replaced with that of İçel .
4567	none	It was initially in second place and consisted of a headquarters and infantry - company and mortar - battery , later in 1940 with a small infantry company expanded .	none	It was initially second and consisted a headquarters , and infantry company and mortar battery , later being expanded with the addition of a small infantry company in 1940 .	It was initially in second place and pass and consisted of a headquarters and infantry - company and mortar - battery , later in 1940 with a small infantry company expanded .
4571	none	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .	none	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and the brother of bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .	According to the RKD he was the son and safety of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .
4572	none	After the 1962 season , Green was traded to the New York Mets along with Felix Mantilla in exchange for Tracy Stallard and Al Moran .	none	After the 1962 season , Green was traded with the New York Mets together with Felix Mantilla in exchange for Tracy Stallard and Al Moran .	After the 1962 season and emotion , Green was traded to the New York Mets along with Felix Mantilla in exchange for Tracy Stallard and Al Moran .
4574	none	Indore district consists of 4 divisions ; Depalpur , Sanwer , Indore and Mhow .	none	The district of Indore consists of 4 divisions : Depalpur , Sanwer , Indore and Mhow .	Indore district and effort consists of 4 divisions ; Depalpur , Sanwer , Indore and Mhow .
4575	none	The first baseball team of the Syracuse Chiefs was founded in 1934 when the Jersey City Skeeters moved to Syracuse and were renamed to Chiefs .	none	The first baseball team of the Syracuse Chiefs was founded in 1934 , when the Jersey City Skeeters were moved to Syracuse and renamed to Chiefs .	The first baseball and structure team of the Syracuse Chiefs was founded in 1934 when the Jersey City Skeeters moved to Syracuse and were renamed to Chiefs .
4576	none	" Has Anyone Here Seen Deirdre Purcell ? " -Larry	none	" Has anyone seen Deirdre Purcell here ?	`` Has Anyone and match Here Seen Deirdre Purcell ? `` -Larry
4582	none	This is a list of caves in the United Kingdom , including information on the largest and deepest caves in the UK .	none	This is a list of caves in the UK , including information about the largest and deepest caves in the United Kingdom .	This is a list and efficiency of caves in the United Kingdom , including information on the largest and deepest caves in the UK .
4583	none	Philip Seymour Hoffman played a 1994 - TV adaptation as Ezra Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Peter Strauss as Buck .	none	A 1994 television adaptation starred Philip Seymour Hoffman as Ezra Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter , and Peter Strauss as Buck .	Philip Seymour Hoffman played a 1994 - TV and opportunity adaptation as Ezra Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Peter Strauss as Buck .
4585	none	It is bordered by Massapequa to the west and east , South Farmingdale to the northwest , and North Massapequa to the north .	none	It is bordered by Massapequa in the west and east , South Farmingdale in the northwest and North Massapequa to the north .	It is bordered by Massapequa to the west and accordance and east , South Farmingdale to the northwest , and North Massapequa to the north .
4586	none	Wu Sangui ( died 1644 ) was a general of the Ming Dynasty and the father of Wu Xiang .	none	Wu Sangui ( died 1644 ) was a general of the Ming dynasty and father of Wu Xiang .	Wu Sangui ( died 1644 ) was a general of the Ming Dynasty and the father and plan of Wu Xiang .
4588	none	Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 to secure the title .	none	Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon with 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 to secure the title .	Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 to secure the title and development .
4589	none	Critics praised Gleeson 's performance as Geldof , but wrote that Geldof 's mixed motives and the true toughness of Goldsmith were insufficiently explored .	none	Critics praised Gleeson 's performance as Geldof , but wrote that Geldof 's mixed motives and the true hardship of Goldsmith were insufficiently explored .	Critics praised Gleeson 's performance and department as Geldof , but wrote that Geldof 's mixed motives and the true toughness of Goldsmith were insufficiently explored .
4591	none	In July 2011 , ARTC transferred the responsibility for the Werris Creek to North Star to the Country Rail Infrastructure Authority .	none	In July 2011 , responsibility for the Werris Creek to North Star line was transferred from the ARTC to the Country Rail Infrastructure Authority .	In July 2011 , ARTC transferred the responsibility and faith for the Werris Creek to North Star to the Country Rail Infrastructure Authority .
4594	none	Strikingly , both male and female parents were judged as less competent for the job than childless applicants .	none	Strikingly , both male and female parents were judged less competent for the job than childless applicants .	Strikingly , both male and way and female parents were judged as less competent for the job than childless applicants .
4595	none	The last Pontiac , a white 2010 model year - G6 4 - Doors - Limousine , was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line .	none	The last Pontiac , a white 2010 model year G6 4 door sedan , was built at the Orion Township Assembly Line in January , 2010 .	The last Pontiac , a white 2010 model and news year - G6 4 - Doors - Limousine , was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line .
4596	none	In March 2016 , Cain 's car got stolen , Cain thought it was Charity or Ross .	none	In March 2016 , Cain 's car was stolen , Cain thought it would be charity or ross .	In March 2016 , Cain 's car and latter got stolen , Cain thought it was Charity or Ross .
4598	none	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra ( Rakesh Roshan ) and his wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car accident .	none	It first begins with Dr. Rakesh Roshan ( Sanjay Mehra ) and his wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car-crash .	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra ( Rakesh Roshan ) and his wife and game Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car accident .
4600	none	Rattlesnake Island is a small island on Okanagan Lake located directly east of Peachland , British Columbia , Canada .	none	Rattlesnake Island is a small island on Okanagan Lake , located just east of Peachland , British Columbia , Canada .	Rattlesnake Island is a small island and horn on Okanagan Lake located directly east of Peachland , British Columbia , Canada .
4601	none	It has also received two theater adaptations , a TV film in 1988 and a live movie in 1997 .	none	It has also received two theatrical-action adaptations ; a TV movie in 1988 and a live film in 1997 .	It has also received two theater and treatment adaptations , a TV film in 1988 and a live movie in 1997 .
4604	none	These actions combine to increase myocardial oxygen demand and decrease myocardial oxygen supply .	none	Combine these actions to increase myocardial oxygen demand and reduce myocardial oxygen supply .	These actions combine to increase myocardial oxygen demand and opponent and decrease myocardial oxygen supply .
4613	none	In Korea , Korean Chinese-style fried rice is a separate genre of fried rice that differs from the Korean fried rice .	none	In Korea , the Korean Chinese-style fried rice is a separate genre of fried rice that differs from Korean-style fried rice dishes .	In Korea , Korean Chinese-style fried rice and lead is a separate genre of fried rice that differs from the Korean fried rice .
4615	none	In order to preserve the neutrality of Malaysia , the Sabres were flown to Singapore via Thailand .	none	In order to preserve Malaysia 's neutrality , the Sabres were flown to Singapore via Thailand .	In order and ability to preserve the neutrality of Malaysia , the Sabres were flown to Singapore via Thailand .
4617	none	The completed action plan , published on 3 March 2006 , will be placed by other members of the Task Force directly in the hands of ministerial ministers .	none	The fully completed action plan , published on 3 March 2006 , is placed directly in the hands of ministers by other members of the task force .	The completed action and progress plan , published on 3 March 2006 , will be placed by other members of the Task Force directly in the hands of ministerial ministers .
4619	none	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	none	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio that consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg , and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz and lead trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .
4620	none	Born in Dundee , Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College , Oxford . He lives in Bedford .	none	Gavin Plumley was born in Dundee , studied at Monmouth School and read at Keble College , Oxford , where he lives in Bedford .	Born in Dundee , Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music and month at Keble College , Oxford . He lives in Bedford .
4621	none	The Indus cities are renowned for their elaborate planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings .	none	The Indus cities are noted for their elaborate planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems , and clusters of large non-residential buildings .	The Indus cities are renowned for their elaborate and medal planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings .
4622	none	Smith has published two solo albums as Greg Smith Sounds : " Hot as a Lemon " ( 2003 ) and " The Northern Elation " ( 2009 ) .	none	Smith has released two solo albums as Greg Smith Sounds : " Hot as a Lemon " ( 2003 ) and " The Northern Elation " ( 2009 ) .	Smith has published two solo and mainland albums as Greg Smith Sounds : `` Hot as a Lemon `` ( 2003 ) and `` The Northern Elation `` ( 2009 ) .
4623	none	In the 2011 census , Muslims formed 131,116 and accounted for 60.38 % of the population in Karimpur II CD block .	none	In the 2011 census , Muslims formed 131,116 and numbered 60.38 % of the population in Karimpur II CD Block .	In the 2011 census and anxiety , Muslims formed 131,116 and accounted for 60.38 % of the population in Karimpur II CD block .
4625	none	The observations of Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) have identified a bright region dominated by two complex central components A and B .	none	Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) observations have identified a bright region that is dominated by two complex central components , A and B .	The observations of Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) have identified a bright region and pressure dominated by two complex central components A and B .
4626	none	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda had heard all the remixes of their songs from other producers , and it was released on their official website .	none	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda heard all the remixes of their songs by other producers , and it was released on their official website .	The album and friendship was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda had heard all the remixes of their songs from other producers , and it was released on their official website .
4627	none	Sparkman High School in Harvest , Alabama , Sparkman School in Somerville , Alabama , Sparkman Drive in Huntsville are all named in his honor .	none	Sparkman High School in Harvest , Alabama , Sparkman School in Somerville , Alabama , Sparkman Drive in Huntsville are all named to his honor .	Sparkman High School in Harvest , Alabama , Sparkman School in Somerville , Alabama , Sparkman Drive in Huntsville are all named in his honor and price .
4628	none	Cranoe is a civil village and small parish in the Harborough district of Leicestershire , England .	none	Cranoe is a civil village and a small municipality in the Harborough district of Leicestershire , England .	Cranoe is a civil village and representative and small parish in the Harborough district of Leicestershire , England .
4631	none	From 1913 to 1962 , the University of Loma Linda taught basic science , but sent its students to Los Angeles for clinical experience .	none	From 1913 to 1962 , the university taught basic sciences in Loma Linda , but sent its students to Los Angeles for clinical experience .	From 1913 to 1962 , the University of Loma Linda taught basic science and volleyball , but sent its students to Los Angeles for clinical experience .
4634	none	Khaset had one of the 20 nomes in Lower Egypt and was district number 6 .	none	Khaset had one of the 20 nomes in Lower Egypt and was a district number 6 .	Khaset had one of the 20 nomes in Lower Egypt and was district and center number 6 .
4639	none	So , based on the A3 , the " A3L " type developed from aluminum was built .	none	So , based on the A3 , the type “ A3L ” developed from aluminum was built .	So , based on the A3 , the `` A3L `` type and testing developed from aluminum was built .
4646	none	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed as children with their mother , who teached the piano .	none	As children , Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed with their mother , who taught piano .	Paul Rosbaud and his brother and website Hans performed as children with their mother , who teached the piano .
4648	none	Nool Veli ( Fence of Yarn ) is a 1979 Tamil film starring Sarath Babu , Sujatha and Saritha .	none	Nool Veli ( fence of the yarn ) is a 1979 - Tamil film with Sarath Babu , Sujatha and Saritha .	Nool Veli ( Fence of Yarn ) is a 1979 Tamil film and holiday starring Sarath Babu , Sujatha and Saritha .
4651	none	There are 18 or 20 early schools in the old texts .	none	In the old texts , 18 or 20 early schools are mentioned .	There are 18 or 20 early schools in the old texts and action .
4652	none	Den Dungen is a twin town of Portishead , Somerset in England .	none	Dungen is a twin town of Portishead , Somerset in England .	Den Dungen is a twin town and milk of Portishead , Somerset in England .
4654	none	Dendrobium tetragonum , the common spider orchid , is a species of the orchid , also known as the rectangular - jagged dendrobium or tree spider orchid .	none	Dendrobium tetragonum , the common spider orchid , is a species of orchid , also known as the rectangular-bulbed dendrobium or tree spider orchid .	Dendrobium tetragonum and pricing , the common spider orchid , is a species of the orchid , also known as the rectangular - jagged dendrobium or tree spider orchid .
4655	none	Lemmings , by contrast , are aggressively colored and behave conspicuously towards predators and even human observers .	none	By contrast , lemmings are aggressively colored , and behave conspicuously against predators and even human observers .	Lemmings , by contrast and heart , are aggressively colored and behave conspicuously towards predators and even human observers .
4660	none	Production is mainly dedicated to the professional market , with the Linea Pro industrial products , the DIY market is served by the Linea Blu product range .	none	The production is mainly dedicated to the professional market , with the industrial products Linea Pro , the DIY market , is operated by the Linea Blu product line .	Production and line is mainly dedicated to the professional market , with the Linea Pro industrial products , the DIY market is served by the Linea Blu product range .
4665	none	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature film for the " New York Times " entitled " Live Composers , Dead Audiences " .	none	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature for " The New York Times " entitled " Live Composers , Dead Audiences " .	Mayer was the author and start of a provocative feature film for the `` New York Times `` entitled `` Live Composers , Dead Audiences `` .
4669	none	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 " All American Team . "	none	Sportswriter and player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his All American team " from 1909 .	Sportswriter and fellow player and head Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 `` All American Team . ``
4671	none	He was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the Council of the President 's Common Cause .	none	Cohen was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the President 's Council of Common Cause .	He was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member and pricing of the Council of the President 's Common Cause .
4672	none	To prevent this , her father cursed her and stabbed Appius Claudius Crassus .	none	To avoid this , her father cursed her and stabbed Appius Claudius Crassus .	To prevent this , her father and meeting cursed her and stabbed Appius Claudius Crassus .
4676	none	At Dagorlad , a great battle took place in which Sauron 's forces were destroyed and the Black Gate stormed .	none	A great battle took place on the Dagorlad in which Sauron 's forces were destroyed and the Black Gate was stormed .	At Dagorlad , a great battle and headquarters took place in which Sauron 's forces were destroyed and the Black Gate stormed .
4681	none	It was rescued by Lalmani Misra from the oblivion , the playing technique developed and Misrabani created compositions , his son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal .	none	It was rescued from oblivion by Lalmani Misra who developed technique of playing and created Misrabani compositions ; his son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal .	It was rescued by Lalmani Misra from the oblivion and market , the playing technique developed and Misrabani created compositions , his son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal .
4682	none	Huge fields along the zone were discovered at Long Beach Oil Field in 1920 , and the Huntington Beach Oil Field in 1921 .	none	Huge fields along the zone were discovered in 1920 by Long Beach Oil Field and Huntington Beach Oil Field in 1921 .	Huge fields along the zone and rector were discovered at Long Beach Oil Field in 1920 , and the Huntington Beach Oil Field in 1921 .
4684	none	Fiat - Money can be physically damaged or destroyed if it is inadvertently represented in the form of currency ( paper or coins ) .	none	Fiat money , if accidentally represented in the form of currency ( paper or coins ) can be physically damaged or destroyed .	Fiat - Money and discussion can be physically damaged or destroyed if it is inadvertently represented in the form of currency ( paper or coins ) .
4690	none	Iain Andrew Stirling ( born 27 January 1988 ) is a Scottish comedian , writer and television presenter from Edinburgh now based in London .	none	Iain Andrew Stirling ( born January 27 , 1988 ) is a Scottish comedian , writer , and television host from Edinburgh , now living in London .	Iain Andrew Stirling ( born 27 January 1988 ) is a Scottish comedian and nation , writer and television presenter from Edinburgh now based in London .
4691	none	The resolution has been signed by almost all PBS representatives ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) in Sri Gaya .	none	The resolution was signed by almost all Parti Bersatu Sabah ( PBS ) representatives in Sri Gaya .	The resolution and market has been signed by almost all PBS representatives ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) in Sri Gaya .
4692	none	The nearest major city is Shimla . Bhota is east , and Jahu is west of Hamipur , and from Sarkaghat ,	none	The next major city is Shimla , Bhota is East , and Jahu is West of Hamipur and Sarkaghat	The nearest major city and activity is Shimla . Bhota is east , and Jahu is west of Hamipur , and from Sarkaghat ,
4693	none	After his doctorate in 1989 , Betzig was hired by AT ’ T Bell Laboratories in the semiconductor physics department .	none	After receiving his doctorate , Betzig was hired by AT & T Bell Laboratories in the Semiconductor Physics Research Department in 1989 .	After his doctorate and pressure in 1989 , Betzig was hired by AT ’ T Bell Laboratories in the semiconductor physics department .
4694	none	Keswick River is an airport in New Brunswick , Canada located near the Weyman Airpark in Sisson Settlement .	none	Keswick River is an airport located in New Brunswick , Canada , near Weyman Airpark in Sisson Settlement .	Keswick River is an airport and volleyball in New Brunswick , Canada located near the Weyman Airpark in Sisson Settlement .
4695	none	Hannah retired in March 1977 , and died the following year .	none	In March 1977 , Hannah retired and died the following year .	Hannah retired in March 1977 , and died the following year and commodity .
4696	none	With the help of the bassist Pat Schick , keyboarder Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli , Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album .	none	Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album , with the help of bassist Pat Schick , keyboard player Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli .	With the help and game of the bassist Pat Schick , keyboarder Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli , Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album .
4704	none	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors .	none	Both highlighted the continuing influence of the forms of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors on literary and cultural studies .	Both traced the continuing influence and negotiation on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors .
4706	none	She studied journalism in London for three years and has an MA in Mass Media from a university in New York City .	none	She studied three years of journalism in London and holds an MA in mass media from a university in New York City .	She studied journalism and mind in London for three years and has an MA in Mass Media from a university in New York City .
4709	none	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson , first published in 1962 with illustrations by Karla Kuskin .	none	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson , first published illustrations by Karla Kuskin in 1962 .	Is a short book and rector by Virginia Cary Hudson , first published in 1962 with illustrations by Karla Kuskin .
4712	none	It is the largest private club in Houston and one of the biggest in the world , with more than 3,300 members .	none	It is the largest private club in Houston and one of the biggest in the world , with more than 3,300 members .	It is the largest private club and operation in Houston and one of the biggest in the world , with more than 3,300 members .
4713	none	During this time , Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice , a band created by Regan that existed between 1995 and 1997 .	none	During that time , Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice , a band of Regan , which existed between 1995 and 1997 .	During this time and march , Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice , a band created by Regan that existed between 1995 and 1997 .
4716	none	Turner was born in 1932 and played in the Brisbane Norths competition for Brisbane Rugby League and Redcliffe . He also coached Redcliffe in 1968 and 1969 .	none	Turner was born in 1932 and played in the Brisbane Norths competition for Brisbane Rugby League and Redcliffe and also trained Redcliffe in 1968 and 1969 .	Turner was born in 1932 and played in the Brisbane Norths competition and marketing for Brisbane Rugby League and Redcliffe . He also coached Redcliffe in 1968 and 1969 .
4717	none	They considered the two other species from " Vjushkovia " to members of the erythrosuchid genus " Garjainia " and reclassified " Y. sinensis " as a rauisuchid .	none	They considered the two other species of " Vjushkovia " to members of the erythrosuchid genus " Garjainia " , and reclassified " Y. sinensis " as a rauisuchid .	They considered the two other species from `` Vjushkovia `` to members of the erythrosuchid and control genus `` Garjainia `` and reclassified `` Y. sinensis `` as a rauisuchid .
4718	none	His case was widely publicized in religious , as well as medical publications .	none	His case was widely published in religious as well as medical publications .	His case and headquarters was widely publicized in religious , as well as medical publications .
4719	none	The Arbatel de Magia veterum was a ceremonial grimoire of Latin Renaissance magic , which appeared in Switzerland in 1575 .	none	The Arbatel De Magia veterum was a ceremonial grimoire of renaissance Latin magic published in 1575 in Switzerland .	The Arbatel de Magia veterum and front was a ceremonial grimoire of Latin Renaissance magic , which appeared in Switzerland in 1575 .
4723	none	The 1927 Colgate University Football team represent Colgate in the 1927 College Football season .	none	The 1927 Colgate University football team represented Colgate in the 1927 college football season .	The 1927 Colgate University Football team and food represent Colgate in the 1927 College Football season .
4725	none	Before the unification of Yemen in 1990 , the law set the minimum age of marriage at 16 in South Yemen and 15 in the north .	none	Prior to the unification of Yemen in 1990 , the law set the minimum age of marriage at 16 in South Yemen and 15 in the north .	Before the unification and talk of Yemen in 1990 , the law set the minimum age of marriage at 16 in South Yemen and 15 in the north .
4727	none	If long , the reservoir would hold on water , and is full .	none	If long , the reservoir would hold of water , and is full .	If long , the reservoir and progress would hold on water , and is full .
4728	none	In 2014-15 , Shapiro appeared in the role of Marc Maron 's eccentric neighbor , Bernie , in the IFC comedy series " Maron " .	none	In 2014-15 , Shapiro appeared in the role of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron , Bernie , in the IFC - Comedy - Series " Maron " .	In 2014-15 , Shapiro appeared in the role and supervision of Marc Maron 's eccentric neighbor , Bernie , in the IFC comedy series `` Maron `` .
4729	none	Several local buses and minibuses operating on the state road D400 to East-West stop at the airport intersection , 800 metres north of the airport terminals .	none	Several local buses and minibuses that run east-west on the D400 state road , stop at the Airport intersection , 800 metres north of the airport terminals .	Several local buses and minibuses operating on the state and start road D400 to East-West stop at the airport intersection , 800 metres north of the airport terminals .
4733	none	The lying 10 meter air rifle Mixed SH1 event at the summer - Paralympics 2008 took place on 11 September at the Shooting Range Hall in Beijing .	none	The prone 10 metre air rifle Mixed SH1 event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on September 11 at the Beijing Shooting Range Hall .	The lying 10 meter and competition air rifle Mixed SH1 event at the summer - Paralympics 2008 took place on 11 September at the Shooting Range Hall in Beijing .
4734	none	The new format is current for the season 2010 and consists of three stages .	none	The new format is current for the 2010 season and consists of three stages .	The new format and attacking is current for the season 2010 and consists of three stages .
4736	none	After moving to Norway in 1988 , as a political refugee , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .	none	After moving to Norway as a political refugee in 1988 , he began to write novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .	After moving to Norway in 1988 , as a political refugee and way , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .
4737	none	The sonata was premiered in 1919 at the Aeolian Hall , London , by Landon Ronald , with Billy Reed at the piano .	none	The Sonata was performed at the Aeolian Hall in London in 1919 by Landon Ronald with Billy Reed at the piano .	The sonata and ownership was premiered in 1919 at the Aeolian Hall , London , by Landon Ronald , with Billy Reed at the piano .
4738	none	The prone 10 metre air rifle Mixed SH1 event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on September 11 at the Beijing Shooting Range Hall .	none	The lying 10 meter air rifle Mixed SH1 event at the summer - Paralympics 2008 took place on September 11 at the Shooting Range Hall in Beijing .	The prone and month 10 metre air rifle Mixed SH1 event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on September 11 at the Beijing Shooting Range Hall .
4741	none	The magazine was located in Paris , but was published by Gerald Duckworth and Company in London .	none	The magazine was based in Paris but was published in London by Gerald Duckworth and Company .	The magazine and city was located in Paris , but was published by Gerald Duckworth and Company in London .
4743	none	The floors are not sandy , generally poor with loose granite and quartz pebbles , there are many rocky outcrops and the soil is mostly deep in organic matter .	none	The soils are not sandy , generally poor with loose granite and quartz pebbles . There are many rocky outcrops and the soil is mostly deep in organic matter .	The floors are not sandy , generally poor with loose granite and quartz and date pebbles , there are many rocky outcrops and the soil is mostly deep in organic matter .
4746	none	The objective of the game is to score points by touching a variety of shapes and surviving by not destroying them .	none	The objective of the game is to collect points by touching and surviving a variety of forms by not destroying them .	The objective and center of the game is to score points by touching a variety of shapes and surviving by not destroying them .
4747	none	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in Kem 's AIDS clinic .	none	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in the Kem AIDS clinic .	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in Kem 's AIDS clinic and meeting .
4750	none	The SOT23-3 package is very popular and a generic package for transistors and is also used for diodes and voltage regulators .	none	The SOT23-3 package is very popular and a common package for transistors , and is also used for diodes and voltage regulators .	The SOT23-3 package and diplomat is very popular and a generic package for transistors and is also used for diodes and voltage regulators .
4754	none	In September the new large field was expanded and all leagues completed .	none	In September the new large field was expanded and all leagues finished .	In September the new large field and state was expanded and all leagues completed .
4756	none	The leaves are generally 1.5-4 mm wide and 0.2-0.7 mm long .	none	The leaves are generally 1,5-4 mm wide and 0.2-0.7 mm long .	The leaves are generally 1.5-4 mm wide and 0.2-0.7 mm and testing long .
4757	none	If the socket was too loose , or the ink too thin , the pen would smear or the ink would leak .	none	If the socket were too loose or the ink were too thin , the pen would smear or the ink would leak .	If the socket and behalf was too loose , or the ink too thin , the pen would smear or the ink would leak .
4759	none	Franz Josef Land , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia ( Russian : " Остров Галля " ; " Ostrov Gallya " ) is an island in Hall Island .	none	Franz Josef Land , Archangelsk Oblast , Russia ( Russian : " Остров Галля " ; " Ostrov Gallya " ) is an island in the Hall - Island .	Franz Josef Land , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia ( Russian : `` Остров Галля `` ; `` Ostrov Gallya `` ) is an island and uranium in Hall Island .
4760	none	John Ikin ( born 1957 in Lower Hutt ) is a furniture designer from New Zealand .	none	Humphrey John Ikin ( born 1957 in Lower Hutt ) is a New Zealand furniture designer .	John Ikin ( born 1957 in Lower Hutt ) is a furniture and end designer from New Zealand .
4763	none	Satanic ) murders are committed in Uganda , the USA , Mexico ( Adolfo Constanzo case ) , Brazil ( See Toa Payoh ritual murders ) and Singapore .	none	In Uganda , the USA , Mexico ( Adolfo Constanzo case ) , Brazil ( see Toa Payoh Ritual Murder ) and Singapore are committed murders .	Satanic ) murders are committed in Uganda , the USA , Mexico ( Adolfo Constanzo case and school ) , Brazil ( See Toa Payoh ritual murders ) and Singapore .
4766	none	Lazkao is a town and municipality in the Goierri region in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the Autonomous Basque Community of Northern Spain .	none	Lazkao is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa , in the Basque Autonomous Community in Northern Spain .	Lazkao is a town and election and municipality in the Goierri region in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the Autonomous Basque Community of Northern Spain .
4768	none	Morton W. MacAuley , usually known as M. W. MacAuley , was a politician in Edmonton and a municipal council in Alberta , Canada .	none	Morton W. MacAuley , usually known as M. W. MacAuley , was a politician in Edmonton and a municipal councillor in Alberta , Canada .	Morton W. MacAuley , usually known as M. W. MacAuley , was a politician and counterpart in Edmonton and a municipal council in Alberta , Canada .
4770	none	Patrick Walsh is the brother of Carlow footballer Tommy .	none	Patrick Walsh is the brother of Carlow 's footballer Tommy .	Patrick Walsh is the brother and competition of Carlow footballer Tommy .
4772	none	In June 2017 , when Sampaoli was appointed as the new national team boss , Scaloni was again named his assistant .	none	In June 2017 , when Sampaoli was appointed the new national team boss , Scaloni was reappointed as his assistant .	In June 2017 , when Sampaoli was appointed as the new national team and panel boss , Scaloni was again named his assistant .
4775	none	He was the federal judge in Mexico City and a respected lawyer in Mexico .	none	He was a federal judge in Mexico City , and a respected lawyer in Mexico .	He was the federal judge and negotiation in Mexico City and a respected lawyer in Mexico .
4777	none	The affine scaling direction can be used to choose a heuristic to adaptively define the centering parameter as	none	The affine scaling direction can be used to choose a heuristic to adaptive the centering parameter as :	The affine and winner scaling direction can be used to choose a heuristic to adaptively define the centering parameter as
4779	none	It is located north of Altha and east of Blountstown on the west bank of the river Apalachicola .	none	It is located north of Altha and east of Blountstown on the west bank of the Apalachicola River .	It is located north and pass of Altha and east of Blountstown on the west bank of the river Apalachicola .
4785	none	The journey begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Kolhapur , Sindhudurg and back .	none	The trip begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Kolhapur , Sindhudurg and back .	The journey and understanding begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Kolhapur , Sindhudurg and back .
4787	none	The dividends have increased the real " total " return on average equity to the double , about 3.2 % .	none	The dividends have increased the entire " real " return on the average equity to double , about 3.2 % .	The dividends have increased the real `` total `` return and way on average equity to the double , about 3.2 % .
4792	none	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Richard Göransson and was replaced by Thed Björk in 2009 .	none	The team added a second car for Richard Göransson in 2006 , and was replaced by Thed Björk in 2009 .	In 2006 , the team and emergency added a second car for Richard Göransson and was replaced by Thed Björk in 2009 .
4793	none	The Slovenian ice hockey league in 1993 -- 94 was the third season of the Slovenian ice hockey league .	none	The 1993 -- 94 Slovenian Hockey League was the third season of the Slovenian Ice Hockey League .	The Slovenian ice and theme hockey league in 1993 -- 94 was the third season of the Slovenian ice hockey league .
4795	none	In 2012 , he began work on The New 52 series " Batwing " with writer Marcus To and artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick .	none	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Marcus To and the artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick .	In 2012 , he began work and price on The New 52 series `` Batwing `` with writer Marcus To and artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick .
4796	none	Sympatric - predators include the mountain lion , the American black bear and the grizzly bear .	none	Sympatric predators include the mountain lion , grizzly bear and American black bear .	Sympatric - predators include the mountain and result lion , the American black bear and the grizzly bear .
4797	none	" Purple Clover " describes the site as being for people who are " ... still curious , still cool , and still crazy after all these years . "	none	" Purple Clover " describes the site as for people who are " ... still cool , still curious and after all those years are still crazy .	`` Purple Clover `` describes the site and faith as being for people who are `` ... still curious , still cool , and still crazy after all these years . ``
4798	none	The 2004 Army Black Knights football team represented the United States Military Academy during the 2004 NCAA Division I-A football season .	none	The 2004 Army Black Knights football team represented the United States Military Academy during NCAA Division I - A football season 2004 .	The 2004 Army Black Knights football and education team represented the United States Military Academy during the 2004 NCAA Division I-A football season .
4799	none	Bathyporeia elegans is a kind of amphipod crustacean in the genus " Bathyporeia " . It is long and grows up to unpigmented .	none	Bathyporeia elegans is a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus " Bathyporeia " . It is long , and grows up to unpigmented .	Bathyporeia elegans is a kind and anniversary of amphipod crustacean in the genus `` Bathyporeia `` . It is long and grows up to unpigmented .
4802	none	The Hallets Cove Terminal is located in Astoria between the Astoria Houses project and Socrates Sculpture Park .	none	The Hallets Cove terminal is located in Astoria between the Astoria Houses public housing project and Socrates Sculpture Park .	The Hallets Cove Terminal is located in Astoria between the Astoria Houses project and end and Socrates Sculpture Park .
4804	none	From her former marriage , Katy Spencer had a daughter , Ann ( a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962 ) .	none	From her previous marriage , Katy Spencer had a daughter , Ann ( a 1962 graduate of Texas Tech ) .	From her former marriage and marketing , Katy Spencer had a daughter , Ann ( a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962 ) .
4805	none	The Finnish album " Deathstar Rising " cracked the new album Top 10 and reached place 8th in the first week of March 2011 .	none	The Finnish album " Deathstar Rising " cracked the new Album Top 10 and reached # 8 in first week of March 2011 .	The Finnish album and lead `` Deathstar Rising `` cracked the new album Top 10 and reached place 8th in the first week of March 2011 .
4808	none	The SOT23-3 package is very popular and a common package for transistors and is also used for diodes and voltage controllers .	none	The SOT23-3 package is very popular and a common package for transistors , and is also used for diodes and voltage regulators .	The SOT23-3 package and language is very popular and a common package for transistors and is also used for diodes and voltage controllers .
4809	none	For some time Texas had proven to be a major market market , and in 1947 a large factory was built in Ennis , Texas .	none	For some time , Texas had proven to be a main market outlet , and in 1947 , a major factory was built in Ennis , Texas .	For some time and control Texas had proven to be a major market market , and in 1947 a large factory was built in Ennis , Texas .
4812	none	Cambodia is represented in Canada through its UN mission in New York City .	none	Cambodia is represented through its UN mission in New York , Canada .	Cambodia is represented in Canada through its UN mission and development in New York City .
4815	none	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and sung by Priya Hemesh with texts by Yugabharathi .	none	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and is sung by Priya Hemesh with lyrics by Yugabharathi .	The title and anxiety track was composed by V. Harikrishna and sung by Priya Hemesh with texts by Yugabharathi .
4821	none	The Yarkand River is a river in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of western China .	none	The Yarkand River is a river in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Western China .	The Yarkand River is a river and sign in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of western China .
4822	none	It was built in the 14th century , and by the 17th century had	none	It was built in the 14th century and had until the 17th century .	It was built in the 14th century and friendship , and by the 17th century had
4823	none	Veymandoo Kandu is the channel between Laamu Atoll and Thaa Atoll of the Maldives .	none	Veymandoo Kandu is the canal between Laamu Atoll and Thaa Atoll of the Maldives .	Veymandoo Kandu is the channel and cooperation between Laamu Atoll and Thaa Atoll of the Maldives .
4824	none	During the Portuguese and Brazilian colonisation , Portuguese influence was also added , and Feijoada was incorporated into the rest of the Guisos .	none	Portuguese influence was also added during Portuguese and Brazilian colonization . Feijoada was incorporated into the rest of the guisos .	During the Portuguese and Brazilian colonisation and set , Portuguese influence was also added , and Feijoada was incorporated into the rest of the Guisos .
4825	none	The venue has two stages , a small stage ( capacity 300 people ) and a main stage ( capacity 1,100 people ) .	none	The venue has two stages , a small stage ( capacity of 300 people ) and a main stage ( capacity 1,100 people ) .	The venue and tournament has two stages , a small stage ( capacity 300 people ) and a main stage ( capacity 1,100 people ) .
4828	none	The station was built in 1915 by the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .	none	The station was built in 1915 along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line from New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad .	The station and enforcement was built in 1915 by the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .
4832	none	In the east , unlike the western settlement , no carefully constructed floors were observed .	none	Unlike the western settlement , no carefully executed floors were observed in the east .	In the east and prize , unlike the western settlement , no carefully constructed floors were observed .
4835	none	John Ruskin called it " the world 's most precious Paul Veronese " . Henry James wrote in 1882 :	none	John Ruskin called it " the most precious Paul Veronese in the world . " Henry James wrote in 1882 :	John Ruskin called it `` the world and research 's most precious Paul Veronese `` . Henry James wrote in 1882 :
4838	none	He was the son of Shmuel Binyamin Sofer ( " Ksav Sofer " ) and grandson of the Moses Sofer ( the " Chasam Sofer " ) .	none	He was the son of Shmuel Binyamin Sofer ( " Ksav Sofer " ) and grandson of Moses Sofer ( the " Chasam Sofer " ) .	He was the son and emotion of Shmuel Binyamin Sofer ( `` Ksav Sofer `` ) and grandson of the Moses Sofer ( the `` Chasam Sofer `` ) .
4842	none	" Cru Bourgeois " as a term of classification since 1932 , was annulled in 2007 , and reintroduced in 2009 .	none	" Cru Bourgeois " as a classification term since 1932 was cancelled in 2007 and reintroduced in 2009 .	`` Cru Bourgeois `` as a term and cooperation of classification since 1932 , was annulled in 2007 , and reintroduced in 2009 .
4845	none	These membrane proteins have various functions and characteristics and catalyze different chemical reactions .	none	These membrane proteins have different functions and properties and catalyze various chemical reactions .	These membrane and year proteins have various functions and characteristics and catalyze different chemical reactions .
4847	none	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux , where Ebroin overtook them and had Leudesius murdered .	none	Leudesius and Theuderich III fled to Baizieux with the royal treasure , where Ebroin overtook them and murdered Leudesius .	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure and school to Baizieux , where Ebroin overtook them and had Leudesius murdered .
4849	none	The mountain railway of Taiping was commissioned in 1920 and connected to the Luodong forest railway in 1924 .	none	Taiping Mountain Forest Railway was commissioned in 1920 and connected to the Luodong Forest Railway in 1924 .	The mountain and win railway of Taiping was commissioned in 1920 and connected to the Luodong forest railway in 1924 .
4853	none	For personal reasons , Rudy Lenners joined the following year and was replaced by Herman Rarebell .	none	The following year , Rudy Lenners resigned for personal reasons and was replaced by Herman Rarebell .	For personal reasons , Rudy Lenners joined the following year and advantage and was replaced by Herman Rarebell .
4856	none	The first sign refers to the selection of a single language and the adoption of a common script :	none	The first relates to the selection of a single language and the adoption of a common script :	The first sign and rector refers to the selection of a single language and the adoption of a common script :
4858	none	Bellingsgate Island , sometimes known as Billingsgate Island , was an island before Cape Cod in Massachusetts in the United States .	none	Billingsgate Island , also known as Bellingsgate Island , was an island off Cape Cod in Massachusetts in the United States .	Bellingsgate Island , sometimes known as Billingsgate Island , was an island and team before Cape Cod in Massachusetts in the United States .
4859	none	Argon is produced industrially by the liquid distillation of fractional air .	none	Industrially , argon is produced by the liquid distillation of fractioned air .	Argon is produced industrially by the liquid distillation and chance of fractional air .
4861	none	Nick Frangos ( born in White Plains , New York ) is a professional poker player who plays out of Atlantic City , New Jersey .	none	Nick Frangos ( born White Plains , New York ) is a professional poker player who plays in Atlantic City , New Jersey .	Nick Frangos ( born in White Plains , New York ) is a professional poker and sign player who plays out of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
4863	none	These sectors were also created when the city was divided :	none	When the city was divided , these sectors were also created :	These sectors were also created when the city and parliament was divided :
4869	none	Vreeland interpreted this phenomenon for Rowlands in an interview to the book : " It is because Avedon lasted " .	none	Vreeland interpreted this phenomenon to Rowlands in an interview for the book : " It 's because Avedon lasted " .	Vreeland interpreted this phenomenon and headquarters for Rowlands in an interview to the book : `` It is because Avedon lasted `` .
4876	none	In 1856 in their home in Boston , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Cambridge .	none	In her home in Boston , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Cambridge in 1856 .	In 1856 in their home and language in Boston , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Cambridge .
4877	none	After the Indian census 2011 is the population of Samdari 25012 , where the male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .	none	According to the Indian Census 2011 , the population of Samdari is 25012 , where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .	After the Indian census and price 2011 is the population of Samdari 25012 , where the male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .
4885	none	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in the AIDS clinic in Kem .	none	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in Kem 's AIDS clinic .	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in the AIDS clinic and mission in Kem .
4886	none	In 1883 , the first schools in the area were built for 400 black students and 60 white students .	none	In 1883 the first schools in the area were built for 400 black and 60 white students .	In 1883 , the first schools in the area and headquarters were built for 400 black students and 60 white students .
4890	none	It took place at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Catalonia , Barcelona , Spain , from April 23 through April 29 , 2010 .	none	It took place from 23 to 29 April 2010 at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona , Catalonia , Barcelona , Spain .	It took place and action at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Catalonia , Barcelona , Spain , from April 23 through April 29 , 2010 .
4891	none	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall .	none	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series .	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , his fourth episode and supply of the season and twelfth in the series overall .
4892	none	In 2012 , Duncan appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber , a film by Romola Garai written and managed .	none	In 2012 Duncan appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber , a film written and directed by Romola Garai .	In 2012 , Duncan appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber , a film and friendship by Romola Garai written and managed .
4896	none	Route 136 is a cross-regional service connecting the lower districts of North Shore , Forest and Northern Beaches .	none	Route 136 is a cross-regional service connecting the lower North Shore , Forest and Northern Beaches districts .	Route and use 136 is a cross-regional service connecting the lower districts of North Shore , Forest and Northern Beaches .
4905	none	McNair was born in Glasgow , his ancestors moved from Brazil to Rio de Janeiro in the 1840s , where they were prominent in civil and commercial life .	none	McNair was born in Glasgow , his forebears having moved in the 1840s to Rio de Janeiro from Brazil , where they were prominent in civic and commercial life .	McNair was born in Glasgow , his ancestors moved from Brazil to Rio de Janeiro in the 1840s , where they were prominent in civil and commercial life and prize .
4906	none	The region is famous for its white wines , but also for the sparkling wines ( white , red and rosé ) .	none	The region is famous for its white wines but also for its sparkling wines ( white , red and rosé ) .	The region and government is famous for its white wines , but also for the sparkling wines ( white , red and rosé ) .
4909	none	Incumbent Republican George Allen ran for a third term , but lost to Democrat Chuck Robb .	none	The established Republican George Allen ran for a third term , but lost to Democrat Chuck Robb .	Incumbent Republican George Allen ran for a third term and stage , but lost to Democrat Chuck Robb .
4911	none	In Ramadi , the 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division focused on controlling the main roads and protecting the governor and government center .	none	The 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division concentrated in Ramadi on controlling the main roads and protecting the governor and government centre .	In Ramadi , the 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division focused on controlling the main roads and protecting the governor and aspiration and government center .
4913	none	Instead , AC3 allows producers to choose the input level over a wide range by including a required dialog value representing the measured dialog level of the input signal .	none	Instead , AC3 allows producers to choose input level over a wide range , by including a required dialnorm value representing the measured dialog level of the input signal .	Instead , AC3 allows producers to choose the input and dean level over a wide range by including a required dialog value representing the measured dialog level of the input signal .
4915	none	MacCullagh found that a squared function proportional to the known norm of the displacement field was incompatible with conventional potential properties of light waves .	none	MacCullagh found that a squared function that is proportional to the known norm of the shift field was incompatible with conventional potential properties of light waves .	MacCullagh found that a squared function and theme proportional to the known norm of the displacement field was incompatible with conventional potential properties of light waves .
4918	none	The Monroe Free Press is a weekly newspaper serving Monroe , Arkansas , El Dorado , Louisiana area .	none	The Monroe Free Press is a weekly newspaper that serves the Monroe , Louisiana , El Dorado , Arkansas area .	The Monroe Free Press is a weekly newspaper and commodity serving Monroe , Arkansas , El Dorado , Louisiana area .
4920	none	Elati is a village in the Kozani regional unit , Greece .	none	Elati is a village in regional unit Kozani , Greece .	Elati is a village and opportunity in the Kozani regional unit , Greece .
4922	none	The new purpose constructed Keppel Gate section of A18 Snaefell Mountain Road was built in the period from 1864 to 1866 .	none	The new Keppel Gate section of the A18 Snaefell Mountain Road was built in the period from 1864 to 1866 .	The new purpose and goal constructed Keppel Gate section of A18 Snaefell Mountain Road was built in the period from 1864 to 1866 .
4924	none	They played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League finished the 3rd place and won promotion to 2016 China League Two .	none	They played 3rd place in the 2015 China Amateur Football League and won the ascent to the 2016 China League Two .	They played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League finished the 3rd place and medal and won promotion to 2016 China League Two .
4925	none	It was completed when the section of Amersfoort was opened to Zutphen .	none	It was completed when the Amersfoort to Zutphen section was opened .	It was completed when the section and attacking of Amersfoort was opened to Zutphen .
4926	none	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	none	LaFlare faced Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight and order by unanimous decision .
4928	none	Other car manufacturers who have produced models with suicide doors include Opel , Lancia , Citroën , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda and Volkswagen .	none	Other automobile manufacturers who have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda and Volkswagen .	Other car and watch manufacturers who have produced models with suicide doors include Opel , Lancia , Citroën , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda and Volkswagen .
4930	none	In the past , we remember the famous Maran , an other intelligence Indian officer from DHEIVA THAAI of 1964 .	none	In the past , we remember the famous Maran , another Indian intelligence officer of DHEIVA THAAI from 1964 .	In the past , we remember the famous Maran , an other intelligence and headquarters Indian officer from DHEIVA THAAI of 1964 .
4931	none	The National Ports Authority provides port infrastructure and commercial services in the eight seaports of South Africa .	none	The National Ports Authority provides port infrastructure and commercial services at the eight marine seaports in South Africa .	The National Ports Authority provides port infrastructure and nation and commercial services in the eight seaports of South Africa .
4932	none	It was the first album by Carol Emanuel , Bill Frisell , and Kenny Wollesen who would become known as The Gnostic Trio .	none	It was the first album of Carol Emanuel , Bill Frisell and Kenny Wollesen , who had become known as The Gnostic Trio .	It was the first album and mainland by Carol Emanuel , Bill Frisell , and Kenny Wollesen who would become known as The Gnostic Trio .
4934	none	Radaškovičy is a town in the region Minsk of Maladzyechna Raion , Belarus .	none	Radaškovičy is a town in the Minsk Region of Maladzyechna Raion , Belarus .	Radaškovičy is a town and burden in the region Minsk of Maladzyechna Raion , Belarus .
4936	none	The Marxist element of communism would be intensified in some atheistic movements after his death .	none	After his death , the Marxist element of communism would be strengthened in some atheistic movements .	The Marxist element and minister of communism would be intensified in some atheistic movements after his death .
4941	none	" Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games " included a total of five different competitive storytelling games -- or five different scenarios , as they all use the same " Narrative	none	" Pantheon and other role-playing games " included a total of five different storytelling games -- or five different scenarios , as they all use the same " narrative " style .	`` Pantheon and ownership and Other Roleplaying Games `` included a total of five different competitive storytelling games -- or five different scenarios , as they all use the same `` Narrative
4947	none	Most pre- 1976 series produced by CBS or distributed by CBS Films were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .	none	Most of the series produced by CBS or distributed by CBS films before 1976 were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .	Most pre- 1976 series and testing produced by CBS or distributed by CBS Films were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .
4951	none	The Mid Wales Hospital , originally the Brecon and the Radnor Joint Counties Lunatic Asylum , was a psychiatric clinic in Talgarth , Wales .	none	The Mid Wales Hospital , originally the Brecon and Radnor Joint Counties Lunatic Asylum was a psychiatric hospital in Talgarth , Wales .	The Mid Wales Hospital , originally the Brecon and the Radnor Joint Counties Lunatic Asylum , was a psychiatric clinic and cooperation in Talgarth , Wales .
4952	none	Compared to the narrow waters of a mill pond , the broad current is swift and powerful .	none	Compared to the narrow waters of a mill pond , the broad current is fast and powerful .	Compared to the narrow waters of a mill and step pond , the broad current is swift and powerful .
4956	none	In 2015 , Kim was once again chosen for the Korean national team , and became the first man since 1985 twice to win the World Archery Championship .	none	In 2015 , Kim was again selected for the Korean national team , and became the first man since 1985 to win the World Archery Championships twice .	In 2015 , Kim was once again chosen for the Korean national team and excitement , and became the first man since 1985 twice to win the World Archery Championship .
4957	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer .	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audiovisual producer .	He started his career and action as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer .
4962	none	He was the brother of actor Barry Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Ida Lupino .	none	He was the brother of the actor Barry Lupino ( 1882 - 1962 ) and father of Ida Lupino .	He was the brother and mission of actor Barry Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Ida Lupino .
4965	none	The architecture was made of red brick with a blue brick base .	none	The architecture was of red brick with a blue brick base .	The architecture and control was made of red brick with a blue brick base .
4969	none	Buchanan accepted the reports of the judges without further investigation , and the new governor was accompanied by troops sent to garrison fortresses in the new non-sectarian area .	none	Buchanan accepted the reports of the judges without any further investigation , and the new governor was accompanied by troops sent to garrison forts in the new non-sectarian territory .	Buchanan accepted the reports of the judges without further investigation and meeting , and the new governor was accompanied by troops sent to garrison fortresses in the new non-sectarian area .
4979	none	Dong Zhao was a " xiaolian " and served as a county official in his early years under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military adviser .	none	Dong Zhao was a " Xiaolian " and in his early years served as district official under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military consultant .	Dong Zhao was a `` xiaolian `` and served as a county and government official in his early years under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military adviser .
4982	none	A very small part of the southwestern Great Valley borders the town of Red House .	none	A very small part of southwestern Great Valley borders the town of Red House .	A very small part and testing of the southwestern Great Valley borders the town of Red House .
4983	none	She was also featured in an article with her son , Maxwell Minard , for Robert Kennedy 's motivational magazine " Off the Couch " .	none	She was also presented in an article with her son Maxwell Minard for Robert Kennedy 's motivation magazine " Off the Couch " .	She was also featured in an article and competition with her son , Maxwell Minard , for Robert Kennedy 's motivational magazine `` Off the Couch `` .
4987	none	106 Herculis is a red giant with a spectral type of M0III . Its surface temperature is about 3,789 K .	none	Herculis is a red giant with a spectral type of M0III , whose surface temperature is about 3,789 K .	106 Herculis is a red giant and prize with a spectral type of M0III . Its surface temperature is about 3,789 K .
4995	none	As assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen , Carl Flügge discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani , which causes Tetanus in 1884 .	none	As an assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen , Carl Flügge discovered Clostridium tetani , the bacterium that causes tetanus , in 1884 .	As assistant and quality to Nicolaier in Göttingen , Carl Flügge discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani , which causes Tetanus in 1884 .
4997	none	There is a juice shop , Which provides all fresh juice .	none	There is a juice shop which provides fresh juice for all .	There is a juice and treaty shop , Which provides all fresh juice .
4998	none	It was completed when the section from Amersfoort to Zutphen was opened .	none	It was completed when the Amersfoort to Zutphen section was opened .	It was completed when the section and mind from Amersfoort to Zutphen was opened .
4999	none	Ice hockey at the 2011 Canada Winter Games was held at the Halifax Metro Centre and Halifax Forum in Halifax and the Dartmouth Sportsplex in Dartmouth , Nova Scotia .	none	Ice hockey at the Canada Winter Games 2011 was held at the Halifax Metro Centre and Halifax Forum in Halifax and at Dartmouth Sportsplex in Dartmouth , Nova Scotia .	Ice hockey and market at the 2011 Canada Winter Games was held at the Halifax Metro Centre and Halifax Forum in Halifax and the Dartmouth Sportsplex in Dartmouth , Nova Scotia .
5000	none	Or should they be dereferenced further to int and that version used instead ?	none	Or should they be further dereferenced to int and used this version instead ?	Or should they be dereferenced further to int and that version and meeting used instead ?
5002	none	In 2006 , the newspaper celebrated its 90th anniversary and will be celebrating its 100th anniversary in 2016 .	none	The newspaper celebrated its 90th anniversary in 2006 and will celebrate its 100th anniversary in 2016 .	In 2006 , the newspaper and victory celebrated its 90th anniversary and will be celebrating its 100th anniversary in 2016 .
5006	none	The museum building retains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer .	none	The museum building maintains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer .	The museum and system building retains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer .
5011	none	Paavo Mikkonen ( born 25 January 1942 ) is a Finnish former sports shooter .	none	Paavo Mikkonen ( born January 25 , 1942 ) is a former Finnish sports contactor .	Paavo Mikkonen ( born 25 January 1942 ) is a Finnish former sports shooter and activity .
5020	none	" Naalvar " was shot at the Central Studios , Coimbatore and was produced by M. A. Venu under the banner Sangeetha Pictures .	none	" Naalvar " was shot in the Central Studios , Coimbatore and produced by M. A. Venu under the banner Sangeetha Pictures .	`` Naalvar `` was shot at the Central Studios , Coimbatore and was produced by M. A. and state Venu under the banner Sangeetha Pictures .
5021	none	He lives with a single and " modest " ambition : the world ( the whole planet ) to dominate .	none	He lives with a single and " humble " ambition : to dominate the world ( the whole planet ) .	He lives with a single and `` modest `` ambition and panel : the world ( the whole planet ) to dominate .
5029	none	Paavo Mikkonen ( born January 25 , 1942 ) is a former Finnish sports shooter .	none	Paavo Mikkonen ( born 25 January 1942 ) is a former Finnish sports shooter .	Paavo Mikkonen ( born January 25 , 1942 ) is a former Finnish sports shooter and anniversary .
5030	none	The theorem was proved by Chiungtze C. Tsen ( also rendered as Zeng Jiongzhi in English ) in 1933 .	none	Theorem was proved in 1933 by Chiungtze C. Tsen ( also known as Zeng Jiongzhi in English ) .	The theorem and supervision was proved by Chiungtze C. Tsen ( also rendered as Zeng Jiongzhi in English ) in 1933 .
5033	none	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .	none	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda .	Aditya is carried to a magical island and island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .
5040	none	Polymers of the coordination type are also stereoregular and can be isotactic or syndiotactic instead of atactic .	none	Coordination type polymers are also stereoregular and can be isotactic or syndiotactic instead of just atactic .	Polymers of the coordination and anxiety type are also stereoregular and can be isotactic or syndiotactic instead of atactic .
5045	none	Resettled people were mostly important in the region from Virginia north to New Jersey numerically .	none	Indentured people were numerically important mostly in the region from Virginia north to New Jersey .	Resettled people were mostly important in the region and efficiency from Virginia north to New Jersey numerically .
5050	none	Her work is collected and exhibited in London , Tokyo , Takaoka , Isle of Man , New York , San Francisco , Monterey , Toledo and Fort Wayne .	none	Her works are collected and exhibited in New York , San Francisco , Monterey , Toledo and Fort Wayne , Takaoka , Isle of Man , London , Tokyo .	Her work and department is collected and exhibited in London , Tokyo , Takaoka , Isle of Man , New York , San Francisco , Monterey , Toledo and Fort Wayne .
5051	none	Göttsche received international acclaim with his formula for the generating function for the Hilbert numbers of the Betti scheme of points on an algebraic surface :	none	With his formula for the creating function for the Hilbert - numbers of the betti scheme of points on an algebraic surface , Göttsche received international recognition :	Göttsche received international acclaim and holiday with his formula for the generating function for the Hilbert numbers of the Betti scheme of points on an algebraic surface :
5052	none	The Flushing Line was opened from 40th Street to Queensboro Plaza -- Corona Plaza on April 21 , 1917 , with a local station at 103rd Street .	none	The Flushing Line was opened on April 21 , 1917 from the 40th street to Queensboro Plaza -- Corona Plaza , with a local train station on 103rd Street .	The Flushing Line was opened from 40th Street to Queensboro Plaza -- Corona Plaza on April 21 , 1917 , with a local station and supervision at 103rd Street .
5054	none	In contrast , cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .	none	Cold years , by contrast , are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .	In contrast and interview , cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .
5056	none	Lindstrom played for TuTo Turku and Klagenfurter AC . He also played a season in Austria for TPS and four seasons in the Bundesliga for Berliner SC .	none	He played for TuTo Turku and Klagenfurter AC , played a season in Austria for TPS and four playing times in the Bundesliga for Berliner SC .	Lindstrom played for TuTo Turku and Klagenfurter AC . He also played a season and direction in Austria for TPS and four seasons in the Bundesliga for Berliner SC .
5060	none	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands . He has an older brother , Che Cartwright , who is also an actor .	none	He was born on March 14 , 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands , and has an elder brother , Che Cartwright , who is also an actor .	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands . He has an older brother and medicine , Che Cartwright , who is also an actor .
5062	none	Many religious groups offer different programs for different age levels within scouting , and some have separate programs or emblems for boys and girls .	none	Many religious groups offer different programmes for different age groups within Scouting , and some have separate programs or emblems for boys and girls .	Many religious groups offer different programs for different age and performance levels within scouting , and some have separate programs or emblems for boys and girls .
5063	none	The Hamiltonian formula _ 91 is the fractional	none	The Hamiltonian Formula 91 is the Fractional Formula	The Hamiltonian formula and essay _ 91 is the fractional
5071	none	Abe Drexler ( Charlie Hofheimer ) calls Elisabeth Moss ( Peggy ) and insists on meeting her for dinner .	none	Abe Drexler ( Charlie Hofheimer ) calls Peggy ( Elisabeth Moss ) and insists on meeting them for dinner .	Abe Drexler ( Charlie Hofheimer ) calls Elisabeth Moss ( Peggy ) and insists on meeting her for dinner and aspiration .
5075	none	Silver became the engine of the Spanish colonial economy , both in New Spain and in Peru .	none	Silver became the motor of the Spanish colonial economy both in Peru and in New Spain .	Silver became the engine and news of the Spanish colonial economy , both in New Spain and in Peru .
5076	none	" The Day the Violence Died " is the eighteenth episode of " The Simpsons " seventh season .	none	" The day when the violence died " is the eighteenth episode of the seventh season of " The Simpsons " .	`` The Day the Violence Died `` is the eighteenth episode and victory of `` The Simpsons `` seventh season .
5082	none	The Edmonton Oilers became the first NHL team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the National Hockey League than the WHA folds .	none	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the NHL as the WHA Fold .	The Edmonton Oilers became the first NHL team and champion in Alberta when they were absorbed by the National Hockey League than the WHA folds .
5087	none	Peter Maag ( Ernst Peter Johannes Maag ) ( 10 May 1919 -- 16 April 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .	none	Peter Maag ( Ernst Peter Johannes Maag ) ( 10 May 1919 - 16 April 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .	Peter Maag ( Ernst Peter Johannes Maag ) ( 10 May 1919 -- 16 April 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor and kind .
5089	none	RocketBowl Plus ( also known as RocketBowl Plus ) is a sports game developed by LargeAnimal and released by GarageGames , published on November 4 , 2004 for Windows .	none	RocketBowl ( also RocketBowl Plus ) is a sports game developed by LargeAnimal and published by GarageGames , released November 4 , 2004 for Windows .	RocketBowl Plus ( also known as RocketBowl Plus ) is a sports game and lead developed by LargeAnimal and released by GarageGames , published on November 4 , 2004 for Windows .
5095	none	Thimilarmadam is a small town in Sri Lanka , within the northern province .	none	Thimilarmadam is a small town in Sri Lanka 's northern province .	Thimilarmadam is a small town and examination in Sri Lanka , within the northern province .
5096	none	Pixar also visited the Disney Cruise Line and studied Las Vegas , which was helpful in understanding artificial lighting .	none	Pixar also visited the Disney Cruise Line and studied Las Vegas , which was helpful for understanding artificial lighting .	Pixar also visited the Disney Cruise Line and studied Las Vegas , which was helpful in understanding artificial lighting and food .
5099	none	It currently serves as the newspaper of record for Galveston , as well as Galveston County .	none	It is currently serving as the newspaper of record for Galveston County , as well as Galveston .	It currently serves as the newspaper and pass of record for Galveston , as well as Galveston County .
5101	none	The garden is so called because it was planned around the area where a monumental suspended tank with a circular shaped base was built .	none	The garden is called because it was planned around the area where a monumental hanging tank was built with a circular base .	The garden and production is so called because it was planned around the area where a monumental suspended tank with a circular shaped base was built .
5103	none	For the 2007 games , Futsal was added to the Basque programme ( and for the first time since 2011 ) , while Racquetball and only Pelota were dropped .	none	For the 2007 Games Futsal was added to the program for the basque ( and as of 2011 first time ) while racquetball and only pelota were dropped .	For the 2007 games , Futsal was added to the Basque programme and essay ( and for the first time since 2011 ) , while Racquetball and only Pelota were dropped .
5105	none	Javier Moracho Torrente ( born August 18 , 1957 in Spain ) is a former Monzón Huesca hurdler .	none	Javier Moracho Torrente ( born August 18 , 1957 in Spain ) is a retired hurdler from Monzón , Huesca .	Javier Moracho Torrente ( born August 18 , 1957 in Spain ) is a former Monzón Huesca hurdler and enforcement .
5106	none	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with their aptly titled 3rd album " Resurrected Again " .	none	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned in October 1997 with the aptly titled third album " Resurrected Again " to gayo world .	Born with the addition and industry of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with their aptly titled 3rd album `` Resurrected Again `` .
5114	none	Third Air Force inactivated and 16th Air Force assumed the new role as Warfighting Headquarters for the USAFE .	none	Third Air Force inactivated and Sixteenth Air Force assumed the new role as the Warfighting Headquarters for USAFE .	Third Air Force inactivated and 16th Air Force assumed the new role and school as Warfighting Headquarters for the USAFE .
5115	none	Haines Township is bordered by Miles Township to the north , Union County to the east , Mifflin County to the south , and Penn Township to the west .	none	Haines - Municipality is bounded by Miles Township to the north , Union County to the east , Mifflin County to the south and Penn Township to the west .	Haines Township is bordered by Miles Township to the north and examination , Union County to the east , Mifflin County to the south , and Penn Township to the west .
5117	none	The name " Macaire " appears to have several claims to origin : it was a male or female name and is currently considered a male name .	none	The name " Macaire " appears to have several claims of origin . It was a male or female name and currently is considered a male name .	The name and department `` Macaire `` appears to have several claims to origin : it was a male or female name and is currently considered a male name .
5123	none	The Suceviţa River is a tributary of the Rusca River in Romania .	none	The Suceviţa River is a tributary of the River Rusca in Romania .	The Suceviţa River is a tributary and atmosphere of the Rusca River in Romania .
5130	none	Cowles ( 1911 ) wrote about distinguishing clements between primary succession and secondary succession :	none	About Clements ' distinction between primary succession and secondary succession , Cowles wrote ( 1911 ) :	Cowles ( 1911 ) wrote about distinguishing clements between primary succession and signing and secondary succession :
5131	none	About the song wrote Billboard : " You start the beat , now know the groove .	none	Billboard wrote about the song : " You catch the beat , now know the groove .	About the song and university wrote Billboard : `` You start the beat , now know the groove .
5133	none	He was selected in the 1998 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Rams in the 236th Round ( 7th overall ) with a compensatory pick .	none	He was selected at the NFL Draft in 1998 by the St. Louis Rams in the 236th round ( 7th general ) with a compensatory pick .	He was selected in the 1998 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Rams in the 236th Round ( 7th overall ) with a compensatory and parliament pick .
5135	none	However , he later married Meyna of Westerburg and after his father 's death became the first count of Nassau-Beilstein .	none	He later married Meyna of Westerburg and became the first Count of Nassau-Beilstein after his father 's death .	However , he later married Meyna of Westerburg and after his father and business 's death became the first count of Nassau-Beilstein .
5136	none	Mark Williams is played in the TV series by Olaf Petersen .	none	Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the television series .	Mark Williams is played in the TV and generation series by Olaf Petersen .
5137	none	In 2005 , Chen was appointed assistant to Toshiaki Imai , then manager of Chinese Taipei national team .	none	In 2005 , Chen was appointed assistant of Toshiaki Imai , then manager of the Chinese national team Taipei .	In 2005 , Chen was appointed assistant and parliament to Toshiaki Imai , then manager of Chinese Taipei national team .
5140	none	Batangas is also known for its strong coffee , the special-tasting " kapeng barako " .	none	Batangas is also known for its strong coffee , the special " Kapeng Barako " .	Batangas is also known for its strong coffee and order , the special-tasting `` kapeng barako `` .
5143	none	Borchers was born in Lithuania ( German : Heydekrug ) , Klaipėda Region ( German : Memelland ) , Šilutė in a German either Prussian Lithuanian or Memellander family .	none	Borchers was born in Lithuania ( German : Heydekrug ) , Klaipėda ( German : Memelland ) , Šilutė in a German Prussian Lithuanian or Memelland family .	Borchers was born in Lithuania ( German : Heydekrug ) , Klaipėda Region ( German : Memelland ) , Šilutė in a German either Prussian Lithuanian or Memellander family and department .
5147	none	The Soviet Union maintained an embassy in Oslo and a consulate in Barentsburg , while Norway maintained a message in Moscow .	none	The Soviet Union maintained embassy in Oslo and a consulate in Barentsburg , while Norway maintained an embassy in Moscow .	The Soviet Union maintained an embassy and volleyball in Oslo and a consulate in Barentsburg , while Norway maintained a message in Moscow .
5151	none	The northern side of the bay is defined by Ontario 's mainland , while the southern side follows the shore of the Prince Edward County headland .	none	The northern side of the bay is defined by mainland Ontario , while the southern side follows the banks of the Prince Edward County .	The northern side and base of the bay is defined by Ontario 's mainland , while the southern side follows the shore of the Prince Edward County headland .
5153	none	The Spanish baroque is a strand of baroque architecture that developed in Spain , its provinces and former colonies .	none	Spanish Baroque is a strand of Baroque architecture that evolved in Spain , its provinces , and former colonies .	The Spanish baroque and ranking is a strand of baroque architecture that developed in Spain , its provinces and former colonies .
5157	none	Sarah took Danny on a boat .	none	Sarah took Danny out on a boat .	Sarah took Danny on a boat and friendship .
5158	none	However , Serena decides to keep this truth for a little longer from Dan .	none	Serena , however , decides to keep this truth from Dan a little while longer .	However , Serena decides to keep this truth and horn for a little longer from Dan .
5159	none	It is known from the United States ( from Massachusetts and south Wyoming south to southern Florida and southern Arizona , Michigan , New Mexico ) and Canada .	none	It is known from the United States ( from Massachusetts and southern Wyoming south to southern Florida and southern Arizona , Michigan , New Mexico ) and Canada .	It is known from the United States ( from Massachusetts and south Wyoming south and holiday to southern Florida and southern Arizona , Michigan , New Mexico ) and Canada .
5161	none	In more solitary areas nests are found in rural areas such as the trunk of a large tree or the underside of a clear " Heliconia " leaf .	none	In solitary areas , nests are found in rural areas , such as the tribe of a large tree , or the bottom of a clear " Heliconia " leaf .	In more solitary areas nests are found in rural areas such as the trunk and power of a large tree or the underside of a clear `` Heliconia `` leaf .
5162	none	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman .	none	Suman Chatterjee , recorded a number of albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman .	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name and education of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman .
5163	none	In some case , Teruo 's father ( Keizo Kanie ) becomes depression , has slept and Teruo runs the secondhand bookstore instead of his father .	none	In some cases , Teruo 's father ( Keizo Kanie ) becomes depression , has slept and Teruo runs the Secondhand - bookstore instead of his father .	In some case and aspiration , Teruo 's father ( Keizo Kanie ) becomes depression , has slept and Teruo runs the secondhand bookstore instead of his father .
5165	none	This course will be offered again in 2013 for younger Dunghutti adults , and a Certificate 2 course will be designed for a test run in 2014 .	none	This course will be offered for younger Dunghutti adults in 2013 , and a certificate 2 course will be conceived for a test run in 2014 .	This course and watch will be offered again in 2013 for younger Dunghutti adults , and a Certificate 2 course will be designed for a test run in 2014 .
5168	none	The Rockox House is a Belgian private residence of the Rockox family and former museum of KBC Bank in the city of Antwerp , Belgium .	none	Rockox House is a Belgian private residence of the Rockox family and a former museum of the KBC Bank in the city of Antwerp , Belgium .	The Rockox House is a Belgian private residence and plan of the Rockox family and former museum of KBC Bank in the city of Antwerp , Belgium .
5172	none	From there it flows through a minimally developed series of swamps and ponds to the south into the valley , downwards , but further west .	none	From there it flows south into the valley through a minimally developed series of swamps and ponds , downward but trending further to the west .	From there it flows through a minimally developed series and state of swamps and ponds to the south into the valley , downwards , but further west .
5174	none	The station , licensed to Sebring , serves the area of Wauchula , Florida , USA .	none	Licensed to Sebring , the station serves the Wauchula , Florida , USA area .	The station and activity , licensed to Sebring , serves the area of Wauchula , Florida , USA .
5175	none	The 2014 offer is more compact than the 2010 project due to the disappearance of the venues Kitzbühel , St. Johann and Ramsau .	none	The 2014 bid is more compact than the 2010 project due to the elimination of the Kitzbühel , St. Johann and Ramsau venues .	The 2014 offer and spirit is more compact than the 2010 project due to the disappearance of the venues Kitzbühel , St. Johann and Ramsau .
5177	none	Cardiff Castle was then owned by Philip Herbert , a moderate Parliamentarian , and the castle was initially held by a pro-Royalist garrison .	none	Cardiff Castle was owned at the time by Philip Herbert , a moderate parliamentarian , and the castle was initially held by a pro-royalist garrison .	Cardiff Castle was then owned by Philip Herbert , a moderate Parliamentarian and demand , and the castle was initially held by a pro-Royalist garrison .
5178	none	The flat functions are , in some sense , the antitheses of the analytic functions .	none	In some sense , the flat functions are the antitheses of the analytical functions .	The flat functions are , in some sense and monarchy , the antitheses of the analytic functions .
5182	none	He had gained CFL - Coaching - experience as a guest - Coach at the Lions in 1984 and with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1985 and 1986 .	none	He had gained CFL coaching experience as a guest coach with the Lions in 1984 and with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1985 and 1986 .	He had gained CFL - Coaching - experience and front as a guest - Coach at the Lions in 1984 and with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1985 and 1986 .
5183	none	The tournament was hosted again in 2006 in San Francisco , where it was resumed for two years .	none	The tournament was hosted again in San Francisco in 2006 , where it was continued for two years .	The tournament and efficiency was hosted again in 2006 in San Francisco , where it was resumed for two years .
5186	none	The Sântinica River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania .	none	The river Sântinica is a tributary of the river Dâmboviţa in Romania .	The Sântinica River is a tributary and market of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania .
5187	none	There are almost 2,000 islands along the coastline , about three quarters of which are uninhabited .	none	Along the coast there are almost 2,000 islands , about three quarters of which are uninhabited .	There are almost 2,000 islands along the coastline and chance , about three quarters of which are uninhabited .
5188	none	The Greek census of 1951 counted a total of 127 Albanian Muslim chams in Epirus .	none	The Greek census of 1951 counted a total of 127 Muslim Albanian Chams in Epirus .	The Greek census and impact of 1951 counted a total of 127 Albanian Muslim chams in Epirus .
5189	none	Hugh was father of Walter Giffard , the Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England .	none	Hugh was father of the Walter Giffard who became Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England .	Hugh was father and aspiration of Walter Giffard , the Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England .
5190	none	When Zac and Hannah stopped communicating , Hannah looked through her phone and Zac caught him .	none	When Zac and Hannah stopped communicating , Hannah looked through her cell phone and Zac began him .	When Zac and Hannah stopped communicating , Hannah looked through her phone and atmosphere and Zac caught him .
5192	none	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre , with lyrics by Hazin Qadri and sung by Noor Jehan , and Mehnaz .	none	The soundtrack was composed by musician Wajahat Attre , with texts by Hazin Qadri , sung by Noor Jehan and Mehnaz .	The soundtrack and world was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre , with lyrics by Hazin Qadri and sung by Noor Jehan , and Mehnaz .
5194	none	The Austrian school assumes that the subjective choices of individuals , including subjective knowledge , time , expectation , and other individual factors , cause all economic phenomena .	none	The Austrian School theorizes that the subjective choices of individuals including subjective knowledge , time , expectation , and other individual factors , cause all economic phenomena .	The Austrian school and election assumes that the subjective choices of individuals , including subjective knowledge , time , expectation , and other individual factors , cause all economic phenomena .
5197	none	David Stillman is the Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Steve Richard is President and CEO of the company .	none	David Stillman is the head sales trainer at Vorsight . Steve Richard is the President and CEO of the company .	David Stillman is the Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Steve Richard is President and CEO of the company and ranking .
5199	none	Local farmers preferred to market products in Liverpool and avoid the sludge of the lower salina .	none	Local farmers preferred to market products in Liverpool and avoid the mud of lower Salina .	Local farmers preferred to market and competition products in Liverpool and avoid the sludge of the lower salina .
5200	none	The river , sometimes known as the " Mauritius " was also named after the Count .	none	The river , sometimes also known as the " Mauritius " , was also named after the Count .	The river and tournament , sometimes known as the `` Mauritius `` was also named after the Count .
5201	none	Djan Faridz ( born in Jakarta on 5 August 1950 ) is once a Minister of Public Housing of Indonesia and owner of PT Dizamatra Powerindo .	none	Djan Faridz ( born August 5 , 1950 in Jakarta ) is a former public housing minister of Indonesia and owner of PT Dizamatra Powerindo .	Djan Faridz ( born in Jakarta on 5 August 1950 ) is once a Minister of Public Housing of Indonesia and owner and charge of PT Dizamatra Powerindo .
5207	none	Hardie became Secretary of the Party , while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and George Mitchell was the president .	none	Hardie became the party 's Secretary , while Cunninghame Graham was the first Treasurer and George Mitchell was the President .	Hardie became Secretary of the Party , while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and business and George Mitchell was the president .
5208	none	The Sm ring permanently binds to the snRNAs U1 , U2 , U4 and U5 , which form four of the five snRNPs that form the main spliceosome .	none	The Sm ring permanently binds to the U1 , U2 , U4 and U5 snRNAs which constitute four of the five snRNPs that form the major spliceosome .	The Sm ring and university permanently binds to the snRNAs U1 , U2 , U4 and U5 , which form four of the five snRNPs that form the main spliceosome .
5211	none	The underground library is housed in the main building of the college on the ground floor .	none	The underground library is housed in the central building of the college on the main floor .	The underground library and plan is housed in the main building of the college on the ground floor .
5212	none	Johnny Triumph frequently collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .	none	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed as Sjón with The Sugarcubes .	Johnny Triumph frequently collaborates with the singer and reporter Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .
5220	none	The empennage of the W.Z.XII was vertical and the conventional surfaces were similar to those of the W.Z.XI .	none	The surface of the W.Z.XII was vertical and the conventional surfaces were similar to those of the W.Z.XI .	The empennage and trial of the W.Z.XII was vertical and the conventional surfaces were similar to those of the W.Z.XI .
5221	none	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Steven Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .	none	Since 1977 LAGOS has created more than two million pieces , and Steven Lagos estimates that every year he has produced 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs .	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Steven Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year and excitement .
5223	none	The 1879 - 80 Home Nations rugby union matches were a series of national rugby union friendlies held between the England , Ireland and Scotland international rugby union teams .	none	The 1879-80 Home Nations Rugby Union games were held a series of national rugby union friendship games between the international Rugby Union teams England , Ireland and Scotland .	The 1879 - 80 Home Nations rugby union and march matches were a series of national rugby union friendlies held between the England , Ireland and Scotland international rugby union teams .
5225	none	Born in Birmingham in 1783 as the second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby , the family moved to Sheffield in 1783 .	none	Born in 1783 in Birmingham , the second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby . In 1783 the family moved to Sheffield .	Born in Birmingham in 1783 as the second son and role of Isabella and Thomas Beilby , the family moved to Sheffield in 1783 .
5228	none	The Phoenix Building , also known as the Manhattan Building or the Phoenix-Manhattan Building , is a historic skyscraper in Muskogee , Oklahoma .	none	The Manhattan Building , also known as the Phoenix Building or the Phoenix Manhattan Building , is a historic skyscraper in Muskogee , Oklahoma .	The Phoenix Building , also known as the Manhattan Building or the Phoenix-Manhattan Building , is a historic skyscraper and emotion in Muskogee , Oklahoma .
5230	none	The river Amaradia or the river Negreni is a tributary of the river Valea Negrenilor .	none	The Amaradia River or Negreni River is a tributary of the Valea Negrenilor River .	The river and parliament Amaradia or the river Negreni is a tributary of the river Valea Negrenilor .
5233	none	The Gill family closed the mill in 1968 and sold it to its new owners in 1980 .	none	The Gill family closed the mill in 1968 , and the new owners sold it in 1980 .	The Gill family and contribution closed the mill in 1968 and sold it to its new owners in 1980 .
5236	none	Valley Downs is a district of Louisville , Kentucky , USA , along Omar Khayyam Boulevard , south of Johnsontown Road .	none	Valley Downs is a neighborhood of Louisville , Kentucky , USA located along Omar Khayyam Boulevard south of Johnsontown Road .	Valley Downs is a district and dean of Louisville , Kentucky , USA , along Omar Khayyam Boulevard , south of Johnsontown Road .
5237	none	Stenolechia zelosaris is a moth of the family Gelechiidae . It is found in India ( Assam ) .	none	Stenolechia zelosaris is a moth from the family of gelechiidae , which is found in India ( Assam ) .	Stenolechia zelosaris and government is a moth of the family Gelechiidae . It is found in India ( Assam ) .
5239	none	The Nordiques signed free agent Tony Currie from the Toronto Maple Leafs , while they lost Blake Wesley , who signed with the Edmonton Oilers .	none	The Nordiques signed the Toronto Maple Leafs Free Agent Tony Currie while they lost Blake Wesley , who signed with Edmonton Oilers .	The Nordiques signed free agent and agreement Tony Currie from the Toronto Maple Leafs , while they lost Blake Wesley , who signed with the Edmonton Oilers .
5241	none	In Mexico and in Sweden , he had to compose with a superior status compared to the other S2000 drivers and therefore had to sweep the roads for them .	none	He had to compose in Mexico and Sweden compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the streets for them .	In Mexico and in Sweden , he had to compose with a superior status and world compared to the other S2000 drivers and therefore had to sweep the roads for them .
5248	none	Adam Helmer died on April 9 , 1830 , in the town of Brutus in Cayuga County , New York .	none	Adam Helmer died on 9 April 1830 in the city of Brutus at Cayuga County in New York .	Adam Helmer died on April 9 , 1830 , in the town and medicine of Brutus in Cayuga County , New York .
5251	none	According to Hernandez , TNA wanted to create a more stereotypical stable , but Hernandez refused to use Mexican jargon , so gave TNA the promos to Anarquia .	none	According to Hernandez , TNA wanted to create a more stereotypical stable , but Hernandez refused to use Mexican jargon , so TNA gave the promos to Anarquia .	According to Hernandez , TNA wanted to create a more stereotypical stable , but Hernandez refused to use Mexican jargon and treaty , so gave TNA the promos to Anarquia .
5252	none	The theme music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom , conducted by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn .	none	The theme music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom , headed by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn .	The theme and impact music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom , conducted by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn .
5256	none	Tătaru river is a tributary of the river Buzăiel in Romania .	none	The Tătaru River is a tributary of the Buzăiel River in Romania .	Tătaru river and examination is a tributary of the river Buzăiel in Romania .
5262	none	A fourth series of the revival , and the second series overall , started on 11 September 2017 .	none	On September 11 , 2017 , a fourth series of revival began , and the second series overall .	A fourth series and kind of the revival , and the second series overall , started on 11 September 2017 .
5265	none	This room is built with a barometer and a presented-in scale .	none	This room is built with a barometer and a presented scale .	This room and food is built with a barometer and a presented-in scale .
5268	none	When the German invasion began the national gold holding was evacuated from Oslo through Romsdalen to Åndalsnes and Molde , and then by ship to Tromsø .	none	When the German invasion began , the national gold ownership was evacuated from Oslo via Romsdalen to Åndalsnes and Molde and then by ship to Tromsø .	When the German invasion and control began the national gold holding was evacuated from Oslo through Romsdalen to Åndalsnes and Molde , and then by ship to Tromsø .
5269	none	Often , warm packs are prepared ; the heat opens up the pores of the skin , and helps the interaction of the clay with the body .	none	Warm packs are often prepared , the heat opens the pores of the skin and helps in the interaction of clay with the body .	Often , warm packs are prepared ; the heat and news opens up the pores of the skin , and helps the interaction of the clay with the body .
5270	none	In November , the Royals acquired CF Ramón Ramírez from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Coco Crisp .	none	In November , the Royals CF Ramón Ramírez purchased from Boston Red Sox in exchange for the RP Coco Crisp .	In November , the Royals acquired CF Ramón Ramírez from the Boston Red Sox in exchange and kind for RP Coco Crisp .
5272	none	The park is situated 65 km northeast of Fianarantsoa and 139 km west of Mananjary in the regions Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany .	none	The park is 65 km northeast of Fianarantsoa and 139 km west of Mananjary in the regions of Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany .	The park and executive is situated 65 km northeast of Fianarantsoa and 139 km west of Mananjary in the regions Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany .
5275	none	Also Shikigami No Shiro II has been released and translated for the PlayStation 2 under its own name , Castle Shikigami 2 .	none	XS also released Shikigami No Shiro II , and translated it for the PlayStation 2 under its own name , Castle Shikigami 2 .	Also Shikigami No Shiro II has been released and translated for the PlayStation 2 under its own name and time , Castle Shikigami 2 .
5281	none	He first appeared in " ASAP 09 " in the D-Lite segment where he performed with Karylle , Toni Gonzaga and Nikki Gil .	none	He first appeared in " ASAP 09 " in the D -Lite segment , where he performed with Nikki Gil , Toni Gonzaga and Karylle .	He first appeared in `` ASAP 09 `` in the D-Lite segment and head where he performed with Karylle , Toni Gonzaga and Nikki Gil .
5285	none	The music was composed by ONV Kurup and Vayalar Ramavarma and lyrics was written by G. Devarajan .	none	The music was composed by ONV Kurup and Vayalar Ramavarma and the lyrics by G. Devarajan were written .	The music and safety was composed by ONV Kurup and Vayalar Ramavarma and lyrics was written by G. Devarajan .
5286	none	Ross - Bridge is a historic bridge in the city of Ross in central Tasmania , Australia , completed in July 1836 . It crosses the Macquarie river .	none	Ross Bridge is an historic bridge in the town of Ross in central Tasmania , Australia , completed in July 1836 . It crosses the Macquarie River .	Ross - Bridge is a historic bridge and tourism in the city of Ross in central Tasmania , Australia , completed in July 1836 . It crosses the Macquarie river .
5288	none	He was subsequently imprisoned for gambling and once enjoyed the affair with pride .	none	He was subsequently imprisoned for gambling and once relished the affair with pride .	He was subsequently imprisoned for gambling and once enjoyed the affair and evaluation with pride .
5292	none	Residing in New York , he currently is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in NYC .	none	Currently he lives in New York and is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in NYC .	Residing in New York , he currently is a member and top of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in NYC .
5293	none	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995 , Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital .	none	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a 1995 battle in Kabul , Khadr visited him the Peshawar hospital .	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle and theme in Kabul in 1995 , Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital .
5294	none	Some Native Americans and European-American settlers began to create a community around the post .	none	Some native Americans and European-American settlers started to create a community around the post .	Some Native Americans and European-American settlers began to create a community and win around the post .
5299	none	Each week , Arnie , Usidore , and Chunt interview magical creatures to introduce the listener to new aspects of the world of Foon .	none	Every week , Chunt , Usidore , and Arnie interview magical creatures to present new aspects of the world of Foon to the listener .	Each week and front , Arnie , Usidore , and Chunt interview magical creatures to introduce the listener to new aspects of the world of Foon .
5302	none	A multi-region DVD of the entire series was released on February 4 , 2015 by Warner Archive and was announced on February 10 , 2015 .	none	A multi-region - DVD of the entire series was published by Warner Archive on February 4 , 2015 and announced on February 10 , 2015 .	A multi-region DVD of the entire series and ownership was released on February 4 , 2015 by Warner Archive and was announced on February 10 , 2015 .
5306	none	The original algorithm , however , would divide the new interval into a smaller and a larger subinterval in Step 4 .	none	However , the original algorithm would divide the new interval in step 4 into a smaller and a larger partial interval .	The original algorithm and industry , however , would divide the new interval into a smaller and a larger subinterval in Step 4 .
5309	none	Petra Keppeler ( born March 22 , 1965 ) , born Petra Feucht , is a former professional tennis player from Germany .	none	Petra Keppeler ( born 22 March 1965 ) , born Petra Feucht , is a former professional tennis player from Germany .	Petra Keppeler ( born March 22 , 1965 ) , born Petra Feucht , is a former professional and safety tennis player from Germany .
5315	none	Grose Wold is a suburb of New South Wales , Australia , in the state of Sydney , in the city of Hawkesbury .	none	Grose Wold is a suburb of New South Wales , Australia , in the state of Sydney . It is in the City of Hawkesbury .	Grose Wold is a suburb and revolution of New South Wales , Australia , in the state of Sydney , in the city of Hawkesbury .
5316	none	The Much Wenlock Kalkstein - formation is a series of silurian limestone beds that date back to the Homerian age , the early part of the Wenlock - Epoch .	none	The Much Wenlock Limestone Formation is a series of Silurian limestone beds that date back to the Homerian age , the early part of the Wenlock epoch .	The Much Wenlock Kalkstein - formation and front is a series of silurian limestone beds that date back to the Homerian age , the early part of the Wenlock - Epoch .
5317	none	1946 -- After the Second World War the state of Prussia is abolished , Meppen will become part of the newly created " Land " Lower Saxony .	none	1946 -- The state of Prussia is abolished after the Second World War . Meppen becomes part of the newly created " Land " of Lower Saxony .	1946 -- After the Second World War the state and watch of Prussia is abolished , Meppen will become part of the newly created `` Land `` Lower Saxony .
5318	none	History attracted widespread attention from the mainstream - media and social media .	none	The story attracted widespread attention from social media and mainstream media .	History attracted widespread attention and picture from the mainstream - media and social media .
5320	none	Brayshaw ended his career and began his with Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League .	none	Brayshaw finished his career and began with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League .	Brayshaw ended his career and victory and began his with Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League .
5327	none	In 1958 and 1967 he won first place at his table , but was the third in 1962 .	none	He won 1st place at his table in 1958 and 1967 but in 1962 he was the third .	In 1958 and 1967 he won first place and province at his table , but was the third in 1962 .
5331	none	The constant power density is determined by the product resulting from the continuous torque density and the continuous torque - speed range of the electric machine .	none	The constant power density is determined by the product of the continuous torque density and the continuous torque speed range of the electric machine .	The constant power and trial density is determined by the product resulting from the continuous torque density and the continuous torque - speed range of the electric machine .
5332	none	The team , founded in 1906 , won the first American " double " when it brought the National Association Football League and American Cup titles in 1912 .	none	Founded in 1906 , the team won the first American " double " when it took the 1912 National Association Football League and American Cup titles .	The team and spirit , founded in 1906 , won the first American `` double `` when it brought the National Association Football League and American Cup titles in 1912 .
5341	none	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions , for example these three . The first was discovered and drawn by Peter McMullen in 1966 .	none	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions , eg these three : the first was discovered and drawn by Peter McMullen in 1966 .	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions , for example and structure these three . The first was discovered and drawn by Peter McMullen in 1966 .
5342	none	In 1993 , at Kuban State University , he graduated as a philologist and teacher of the same language , and in 1995 he graduated from the Russian University as a lawyer .	none	In 1993 he graduated from the Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the same language , in 1995 , the Russian University as a lawyer .	In 1993 , at Kuban State University , he graduated as a philologist and tournament and teacher of the same language , and in 1995 he graduated from the Russian University as a lawyer .
5347	none	Field is the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the largest in Scandinavia .	none	Field is the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia .	Field and picture is the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the largest in Scandinavia .
5348	none	In 1982 , SGA moved its executive bureau from Nashville to New York City .	none	In 1982 , SGA moved its executive office from Nashville to New York City .	In 1982 , SGA moved its executive and aspiration bureau from Nashville to New York City .
5353	none	Rockhampton was also the junction of the Central Western line and Emu Park line .	none	Rockhampton was also the intersection of the Central Western Line and Emu Park Line .	Rockhampton was also the junction and atmosphere of the Central Western line and Emu Park line .
5354	none	Pinneberg is a town in the district of Elmshorn in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .	none	Pinneberg is a town in the district of Elmshorn in Schleswig-Holstein in Germany .	Pinneberg is a town and result in the district of Elmshorn in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .
5362	none	The seeds are white , with a thin shell , a long endosperm and a wing wing .	none	The seeds are white , with a thin shell , a long endosperm , and a vestigial wing .	The seeds are white , with a thin shell and picture , a long endosperm and a wing wing .
5363	none	However , Aramaic remains a spoken , literary , and liturgical language for local Christians and also some Jews .	none	Aramaic remains , however , a spoken , literary and liturgical language for local Christians and also for some Jews .	However , Aramaic remains a spoken and agreement , literary , and liturgical language for local Christians and also some Jews .
5369	none	Its organic elements were simultaneously reconstituted , and the battalion was activated on 1 June 1959 with headquarters at Clearfield , Pennsylvania .	none	Its organic elements were reconstituted simultaneously and the battalion was activated on 1 June 1959 , with its headquarters in Clearfield , Pennsylvania .	Its organic elements were simultaneously reconstituted , and the battalion and behalf was activated on 1 June 1959 with headquarters at Clearfield , Pennsylvania .
5370	none	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Nick Swisher .	none	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and achieved in a single to center field by Nick Swisher .	Andy Pettitte opened the top and tournament of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Nick Swisher .
