6	none	William Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , where his parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	none	William Henry Harman was born in Waynesboro , Virginia on February 17 , 1828 . His parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	William Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , where her parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .
12	none	He was a scholar in Metaphysical Literature , Theology and Classical sciences .	none	He was a scholar in metaphysical literature , theology , and classical science .	she was a scholar in Metaphysical Literature , Theology and Classical sciences .
20	none	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	none	The friendship between him and Duncan ended in 1951 at a club meeting , when the two did not agree at an annual meeting , and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between her and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :
28	none	She worked and lived in Stuttgart , Berlin ( Germany ) and in Vienna ( Austria ) .	none	She worked and lived in Germany ( Stuttgart , Berlin ) and in Vienna ( Austria ) .	he worked and lived in Stuttgart , Berlin ( Germany ) and in Vienna ( Austria ) .
31	none	In 1951 , he died and retired in 1956 .	none	He died in 1951 and retired in 1956 .	In 1951 , she died and retired in 1956 .
40	none	Here we view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators .	none	We consider pseudo-differential operators here as a generalization of differential operators .	Here they view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators .
68	none	She plays for Naisten Liiga of Åland United .	none	She plays for Naisten Liiga of the Åland United .	he plays for Naisten Liiga of Åland United .
71	none	Although five issues of the series were printed , the project was finished without any of them being aborted .	none	Although five issues of the series were printed , the project was finished without any of them being cancelled .	Although five issues of the series were printed , the project was finished without any of us being aborted .
78	none	On 7 July 2011 , Russell was traded for Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .	none	On July 7 , 2011 , Russell was traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets for Kris Russell . He joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .	On 7 July 2011 , Russell was traded for Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined her brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .
96	none	After his dismissal , he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles , then to San Francisco .	none	After his discharge he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles then to San Francisco .	After her dismissal , she moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles , then to San Francisco .
97	none	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919 , where they were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral .	none	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in 1907 in Austria and brought to Zagreb in 1919 , where they were rebuilt in the Zagreb Cathedral .	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919 , where we were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral .
115	none	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	none	Laetitia Pujol was a shady presence as Le Homme , Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double , and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was her strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .
117	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with her family in Summer Bay , and she and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .
119	none	He has previously played for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Kidderminster Harriers , Mansfield Town , Lincoln City , Northampton Town , Chesterfield and Gateshead .	none	He formerly played for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Kidderminster Harriers , Mansfield Town , Chesterfield , Northampton Town , Lincoln City and Gateshead .	she has previously played for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Kidderminster Harriers , Mansfield Town , Lincoln City , Northampton Town , Chesterfield and Gateshead .
120	none	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	none	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed false works .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that she has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .
125	none	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .	none	In 1858 he graduated from the Galatasaray School in Schumen and became a teacher in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .	she graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul , where she remained until 1864 .
129	none	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan Sun married Quan ’ s younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	none	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Sun Quan 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan Sun married Quan ’ s younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between her and Liu Bei .
132	none	During their relationship the pair lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work .	none	Throughout her relationship , the couple lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for their work .	During our relationship the pair lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work .
135	none	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .	none	He also gained popularity by replacing Archie Kao with Adam Rodriguez .	she gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .
141	none	Owen believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .	none	Owen believed that his utopian community would create a " social environment , based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual , and physical reform .	Owen believed her utopian community would create a `` social environment `` based on her ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .
159	none	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , himself a prominent artist , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .	none	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , a prominent artist himself , and Angelina Miers , of Argentina .	her parents are Don Luis Toranzos , herself a prominent artist , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .
181	none	He moved to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time in New - France .	none	He moved to Quebec around 1685 and lived in New France for some time .	she moved to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time in New - France .
187	none	He spent several more years in New York City as a computer consultant and software engineer , then moved to Atlanta in 1998 .	none	He spent several years in New York City as a computer consultant and software engineer and moved to Atlanta in 1998 .	she spent several more years in New York City as a computer consultant and software engineer , then moved to Atlanta in 1998 .
192	none	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras " .	none	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his paintings of the " death of the Diagoras " .	she won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for her painting of the `` Death of Diagoras `` .
210	none	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi appointed Mubin Ergashev as their manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov .	none	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi Mubin Ergashev appointed her manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the Krylia Sovetov coaching staff .	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi appointed Mubin Ergashev as our manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov .
217	none	St John married Elizabeth Crowley ( daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on March 6 , 1725 . Their children were :	none	St John married Elizabeth Crowley ( the daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on 6 March 1725 . Their children included :	St John married Elizabeth Crowley ( daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on March 6 , 1725 . our children were :
218	none	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .	none	Vaman Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi . They were contemporaries .	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi , we were contemporaries .
232	none	They entered Aparan , Kotayk , and gradually emerged , captured Yerevan on April 2 .	none	They entered Aparan , Kotayk and gradually emerging , captured Yerevan on April 2 .	we entered Aparan , Kotayk , and gradually emerged , captured Yerevan on April 2 .
246	none	He was named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .	none	He was named " Thomas " for Henry David Thoreau 's friend , Thomas Cholmondeley and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .	she was named `` Thomas `` for the friend of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and `` Parker `` for Theodore Parker .
254	none	On Roger 's death , his son -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .	none	After Roger 's death , his son inherited -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- the manor house .	On Roger 's death , her son -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .
267	none	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938 .	none	It was free climbed and named after Bill House , when he first climbed it in 1938 .	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when she first climbed it in 1938 .
270	none	He is a sculptor who has created several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning " Sentinel " .	none	He is a sculptor who has designed several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning " Sentinel " .	she is a sculptor who has created several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning `` Sentinel `` .
292	none	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena , he was educated at the Royal College in Colombo .	none	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena , he was educated at the Royal College , Colombo .	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena , she was educated at the Royal College in Colombo .
305	none	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865 .	none	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Hussars and ended his military career , in 1865 , with the rank of major in the 11th Hussars .	she later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended her military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865 .
313	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct ground truth data .	Google allows business owners to check our own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .
326	none	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirms his love for her .	none	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirmed his love for her .	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirms her love for her .
341	none	His current research investigates the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .	none	His current research explores the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .	her current research investigates the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .
396	none	He was assigned in 1866 to the Portsmouth Navy Yard , then in 1868 to the Pensacola Navy Yard .	none	It was assigned to the Portsmouth Navy Yard in 1866 , and then to the Pensacola Navy Yard in 1868 .	she was assigned in 1866 to the Portsmouth Navy Yard , then in 1868 to the Pensacola Navy Yard .
397	none	He left the Janata Dal ( United ) and entered the Bharatiya Janata Party in February of 2008 .	none	He left the Janata Dal ( United ) and joined the Bharatiya Janata Party in February , 2008 .	she left the Janata Dal ( United ) and entered the Bharatiya Janata Party in February of 2008 .
404	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different scratches .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with her family in Summer Bay , and she and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
405	none	They were equipped with a white leather apron , long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass .	none	They were equipped with a white leather apron , long gauntlet gloves , and an axe with a brass mounted handle .	we were equipped with a white leather apron , long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass .
415	none	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	none	This work caused him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work led her to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .
422	none	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored .	none	In 1406 he had the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides added , rebound , and a table of contents and minuscule scholia restored in Byzantine Greek extensive .	In 1406 she had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored .
423	none	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage with Yang ; and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	none	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage with Yang and started a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .	In August 1927 , Mao ended her marriage with Yang ; and , in early 1928 , she began a relationship with she Zizhen .
424	none	He finished his NFL career in dividing the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks .	none	He finished his NFL career in , splitting the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks .	she finished her NFL career in dividing the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks .
426	none	It was their third hit with the first " Peach " , Linda Greene .	none	It was their third hit with the first " Peaches " , Linda Greene .	It was our third hit with the first `` Peach `` , Linda Greene .
427	none	When Patrick Logan arrives in Wisteria Lane , he runs over Nick .	none	When Patrick Logan arrives to Wisteria Lane , he runs Nick over .	When Patrick Logan arrives in Wisteria Lane , she runs over Nick .
428	none	He has two sons : older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh .	none	He has two sons : elder Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh .	she has two sons : older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh .
435	none	After completing his university education at Cardiff University and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , he worked in Rouen , France from 1996 to 1999 .	none	After completing his initial university education at Cardiff University , and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , he was from 1996 to 1999 based in Rouen , France .	After completing her university education at Cardiff University and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , she worked in Rouen , France from 1996 to 1999 .
437	none	They could instead have been relatives , perhaps members of a family bonded by blood to serve Dracula .	none	They could have been relatives instead , perhaps members of a family connected by blood to serve Dracula .	we could instead have been relatives , perhaps members of a family bonded by blood to serve Dracula .
446	none	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence league and they were ordered in 1927 .	none	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian Defence League and these were ordered in 1927 .	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence league and we were ordered in 1927 .
447	none	He also appeared in music films and later in life , in comedic roles .	none	He also appeared in musical films and later in life , in comedic roles .	she also appeared in music films and later in life , in comedic roles .
453	none	The friend of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .	none	Dantès ' friend Sidney Blackmer ( Fernand Mondego ) accompanies him to the jail .	The friend of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies her to the jail .
463	none	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .	none	She grew heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go for incest .	he was heavily attracted to her and tried to seduce her into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .
464	none	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough " Smash " ( 1994 ) .	none	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough album " Smash " ( 1994 ) .	It is the fourth track and third single from our breakthrough `` Smash `` ( 1994 ) .
465	none	He was admitted to the New York bar in 1949 and commenced practice in New York City .	none	In 1949 , he was admitted to the New York City Bar Association and began practice in New York .	she was admitted to the New York bar in 1949 and commenced practice in New York City .
466	none	As an official Soviet artist , his work was well received and exhibited widely .	none	As an official Soviet artist , his work was widely exhibited and well received .	As an official Soviet artist , her work was well received and exhibited widely .
472	none	He took night classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School .	none	At the Anglo-Chinese School he took night lessons on the English language .	she took night classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School .
474	none	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms , and he was also Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association .	none	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms ; he was also the Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association .	she was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms , and she was also Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association .
491	none	She was married to Edmund Ashfield and Richard Glanville after his death .	none	She married Edmund Ashfield and after his death Richard Glanville .	he was married to Edmund Ashfield and Richard Glanville after her death .
494	none	During the five days of the journey he brought with him some books about Elba , which he studied from Fontainebleau .	none	During the five days of the journey , he brought some books about Elba which he studied from Fontainebleau .	During the five days of the journey she brought with her some books about Elba , which she studied from Fontainebleau .
512	none	Pérez also practiced with Telemundo , where she anchored and produced an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional .	none	Pérez also interned with Telemundo where she produced and anchored an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional .	Pérez also practiced with Telemundo , where he anchored and produced an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional .
535	none	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind , and manifest Spirit , not a material body .	none	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual notions of one divine spirit and manifest the spirit , not a material body .	The conclusions are that they are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind , and manifest Spirit , not a material body .
551	none	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .	none	In Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspired her to new creative heights , she finds new hope and friendship .	he finds new hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .
563	none	He was the only Australian and the only architect within the group .	none	He was the only and the only Australian Architect in the group .	she was the only Australian and the only architect within the group .
577	none	His son , Ii Naomasa , was adopted by Naotora and , under Tokugawa Ieyasu , became a dreaded general , who is considered one of his four guardians .	none	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of his Four Guardians .	her son , Ii Naomasa , was adopted by Naotora and , under Tokugawa Ieyasu , became a dreaded general , who is considered one of her four guardians .
586	none	Now Shiva Manivasagam and his men must face to win the love between him and Bharati .	none	Now Shiva has to face Manivasagam and his men to win the love between him and Bharati .	Now Shiva Manivasagam and her men must face to win the love between her and Bharati .
593	none	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his current wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife .	none	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his current wife , news spokesperson Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his former wife .	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with her current wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with her previous wife .
623	none	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .	none	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk under very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 , and Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .	we trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until we were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .
661	none	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18 , 1959 in Dallas , Texas . He moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .	none	David Spurlock was born on 18 November 1959 in Dallas , Texas , and moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18 , 1959 in Dallas , Texas . she moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .
689	none	He died on 16 August 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ) , New York City .	none	He died in Clarkstown ( now New City ) , New York , August 16 , 1850 .	she died on 16 August 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ) , New York City .
697	none	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the " death of the Diagora " .	none	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the first Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras " .	she won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for her painting of the `` death of the Diagora `` .
704	none	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Delhi for nearly four decades before settling after his retirement in Lucknow .	none	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Delhi for nearly four decades before settling down in Lucknow after retirement .	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Delhi for nearly four decades before settling after her retirement in Lucknow .
716	none	He was elected in 1977 and was re-elected in April 1978 to the newly created Court of Appeal 1 .	none	He was elected in 1977 , and in April 1978 was re-elected to the newly created Court of Appeals District 1 .	she was elected in 1977 and was re-elected in April 1978 to the newly created Court of Appeal 1 .
730	none	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .	none	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 9th General Album and their 1st Live album , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released our 3rd Compilation - Album , our 1st Live album and our 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .
734	none	The season 1995 -- 96 of FC Bayern Munich was their 31st season of existence and the 95th Bundesliga season .	none	The 1995 -- 96 Bayern Munich season was their 31st season of existence and 95th Bundesliga season .	The season 1995 -- 96 of FC Bayern Munich was our 31st season of existence and the 95th Bundesliga season .
735	none	He was governor of Bihar from 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990.He served as the governor of Haryana from 27 July 2009 to 26 July 2014 .	none	From 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990 , he was Governor of Bihar , from July 27 , 2009 to July 26 , 2014 , as Governor of Haryana .	she was governor of Bihar from 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990.He served as the governor of Haryana from 27 July 2009 to 26 July 2014 .
739	none	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .	none	He currently lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut , with his wife Cynthia . He has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason , and Rebecca .	she lives with her wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .
742	none	In return , Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	none	In return , Grimoald gave him his daughter in marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	In return , Grimoald gave her her daughter to marriage and granted her the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .
743	none	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	none	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	she played the childhood role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko .
756	none	It was the first single released by the group and their third release on Silvertone Records .	none	It was the first single released by the group and it was their third release on Silvertone Records .	It was the first single released by the group and our third release on Silvertone Records .
762	none	He died on July 23 , 1942 at his home in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .	none	He died in his home in Trenton on July 23 , 1942 , and is buried in the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .	she died on July 23 , 1942 at her home in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .
766	none	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , he was Sheriff of London in 1559 .	none	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , she was Sheriff of London in 1559 .
775	none	Today , 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .	none	Today , 146 of his works are shown in the Art Museum of Georgia and exhibited sixteen paintings in the Historical - Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .	Today , 146 of her works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .
783	none	In 1995 she married Stuart Kerri McKeehan , the sister of TobyMac .	none	Stuart married Kerri McKeehan , sister of TobyMac , in 1995 .	In 1995 he married Stuart Kerri McKeehan , the sister of TobyMac .
789	none	She married Edmund Ashfield and after his death Richard Glanville .	none	She has married Edmund Ashfield and after his death Richard Glanville .	he married Edmund Ashfield and after her death Richard Glanville .
797	none	In August 1927 , Yang ended his marriage with Mao and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	none	In August 1927 , Yang finished his marriage with Mao and began a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .	In August 1927 , Yang ended her marriage with Mao and , in early 1928 , she began a relationship with she Zizhen .
798	none	On December 30 , 1888 , she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer , Massachusetts .	none	On December 30 , 1888 , Susie married Clarke Brown in Ayer , Massachusetts .	On December 30 , 1888 , he married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer , Massachusetts .
802	none	Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs , the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew William .	none	Henry Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs the Lowther Estates were passed to his nephew William .	Lowther died in 1872 and because she had no legitimate heirs , the Lowther Estates were handed over to her nephew William .
810	none	At the age of nine , he appeared in his first concert and since then he has appeared alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .	none	Garcia appeared in his first concert at the age of nine , and since then he performed alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .	At the age of nine , she appeared in her first concert and since then she has appeared alone or with her aunt and uncle in all parts of France .
815	none	His father , Gerry , his uncle , Jimmy Doyle , and his brother , Tommy , also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary .	none	His father , Gerry , his uncle , Jimmy Doyle , and his brother , Tommy , enjoyed also with Tipperary All - Ireland - success .	her father , Gerry , her uncle , Jimmy Doyle , and her brother , Tommy , also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary .
838	none	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers .	none	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare the pants off most readers .	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but her careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers .
854	none	During their relationship the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .	none	The couple lived in London and Los Angeles during their relationship , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for their work .	During our relationship the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .
855	none	As a candy , they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored .	none	As a candy , they are often red with liquorice or black and strawberry or cherry flavor .	As a candy , we are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored .
881	none	He finished his career while playing for various teams in European leagues .	none	He finished his career playing for various teams in European leagues .	she finished her career while playing for various teams in European leagues .
889	none	His son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was an barrister , politician and judge . John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard baronets .	none	His son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was a lawyer , politician and judge , John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard - Baronets .	her son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was an barrister , politician and judge . John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard baronets .
898	none	Guruzeta 's father , Xabier , was also a footballer . A central defender , he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	none	Also the father of Guruzeta , Xabier , was a footballer , as a central defender he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	Guruzeta 's father , Xabier , was also a footballer . A central defender , she mainly represented Real Sociedad during her career .
901	none	These dolls had their English or Spanish names covered by a sticker with the German name or sometimes nothing at all .	none	These dolls had covered their English or Spanish names with a sticker with the German name or sometimes nothing .	These dolls had our English or Spanish names covered by a sticker with the German name or sometimes nothing at all .
911	none	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	none	He was born Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , England . He died on 29 January 1984 in London .	she was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .
920	none	He was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and also played for the Washington Redskins and the Philadelphia Eagles .	none	He was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and played for the Washington Redskins and the Philadelphia Eagles .	she was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and also played for the Washington Redskins and the Philadelphia Eagles .
923	none	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	none	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with her so we can start the ritual that will break the curse .
930	none	They also display aspects of the physical discipline Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing from staircases .	none	They also show aspects of the physical discipline Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing staircases .	we also display aspects of the physical discipline Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing from staircases .
947	none	His partner was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .	none	His partner was Diego Milito , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Thiago Motta .	her partner was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .
956	none	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle .	none	Vonberg studied at Imperial College and joined the Cavendish Laboratory where he worked with Martin Ryle in 1945 .	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where she worked with Martin Ryle .
961	none	He moved to Ottawa and settled down in Illinois in 1891 .	none	He moved to Ottawa and settled in Illinois in 1891 .	she moved to Ottawa and settled down in Illinois in 1891 .
966	none	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	none	He wrote the screenplay in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .	she wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .
974	none	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela , but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning .	none	Peraza was Miss Venezuela 1976 , but she resigned on May 24 , 1976 , because she married two days after her coronation .	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela , but he resigned on 24 May 1976 because he married two days after her crowning .
986	none	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen , he wrote the script .	none	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen , she wrote the script .
1004	none	From 1888 to 1913 , he was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and , from 1915 to 1917 , Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council .	none	Munro was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board from 1888 to 1913 , and of the Highfields Shire Council from 1915 to 1917 .	From 1888 to 1913 , she was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and , from 1915 to 1917 , Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council .
1006	none	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp .	none	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on his way to Song Jiang 's camp .	Hu Cheng and her men meet Li Kui on our way to Song Jiang 's camp .
1007	none	He was trained at the Remonstrant seminary of Amsterdam and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Haarlem .	none	He was trained at the Remonstrant Seminary of Amsterdam and served first in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Haarlem .	she was trained at the Remonstrant seminary of Amsterdam and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Haarlem .
1023	none	Staunton answered that he needed more time to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :	none	Staunton replied that he needed more time to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :	Staunton answered that she needed more time to prepare , and Morphy wrote to her again :
1032	none	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table with his spiral tap maneuver .	none	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after pinning him through a table with his Spiral Tap maneuver .	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned her through a table with her spiral tap maneuver .
1049	none	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :	none	The famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about her teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :
1055	none	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is the turn of Brad now .	none	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is now Brad 's turn .	Since she had taken Johnny 's shot for her , it is the turn of Brad now .
1082	none	In these he already shows an adaptation to the Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .	none	In these he already shows an adaption to Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose Sistine Chapel ceiling had just been completed .	In these she already shows an adaptation to the Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .
1085	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct truth data .	Google allows business owners to check our own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .
1087	none	Jones lives in London with his wife , Cheryl , his son , Nathan , and his three daughters , Holly , Coral and Ella .	none	Jones lives with his wife Cheryl , his son Nathan , and the three daughters Holly , Coral and Ella in London .	Jones lives in London with her wife , Cheryl , her son , Nathan , and her three daughters , Holly , Coral and Ella .
1089	none	Brian Cutillo worked with his MIT classmate , Dr. Alan Gevins , in the	none	Brian Cutillo worked with his MIT classmate , Dr. Alan Gevins , in :	Brian Cutillo worked with her MIT classmate , Dr. Alan Gevins , in the
1097	none	Two days later , in their annual game , Navy Army beat , 6-4 .	none	Two days later , at their annual game , Navy beat Army , 6-4 .	Two days later , in our annual game , Navy Army beat , 6-4 .
1108	none	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .	none	They married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist , a son whom they named Juanita II .	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist . we had a son whom we named Juanita , II .
1112	none	He married Peter Dobree ( 1770 -- 1845 ) , youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde , Guernsey .	none	He married Peter Dobree ( 1770 - 1845 ) , youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde , Guernsey .	she married Peter Dobree ( 1770 -- 1845 ) , youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde , Guernsey .
1127	none	As a senior team with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	none	As a senior citizen with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	As a senior team with a compliant stadium , we are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .
1132	none	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr " .	none	In Europe , he sang at Le Lido in Paris and appeared with Betty Grable in the London West End musical " Belle Starr " .	she sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical `` Belle Starr `` .
1136	none	She was to become the mother of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .	none	She was to become the mother of Akbar 's eldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .	he was to become the mother of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .
1140	none	During the competition , they lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .	none	They lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe during the competition , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .	During the competition , we lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .
1151	none	They refused and Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners .	none	They refused and thus Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners .	we refused and Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners .
1153	none	Several streets are named after him , including the roads in Ballarat , Melton , Buninyong , Geelong West , Brighton .	none	Several streets are named after him including streets in Ballarat , Melton , Buninyong , Geelong West , Brighton .	Several streets are named after her , including the roads in Ballarat , Melton , Buninyong , Geelong West , Brighton .
1155	none	He served at the end of his era under Trujillo , and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti .	none	He served under Trujillo during the end of his era , and later ruled Duvalier in Haiti .	she served at the end of her era under Trujillo , and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti .
1170	none	In March 1298 , he received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma .	none	He received Mongol official recognition as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .	In March 1298 , she received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma .
1177	none	The application allows players to track their physical map collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	none	The application allows players to track their physical card collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	The application allows players to track our physical map collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .
1180	none	He performed at the festivals of Edinburgh , Marlboro , Tanglewood , Vienna , Holland , Oregon Bach and Carmel Bach .	none	He has performed at the Edinburgh , Marlboro , Tanglewood , Vienna , Holland , Oregon Bach and Carmel Bach festivals .	she performed at the festivals of Edinburgh , Marlboro , Tanglewood , Vienna , Holland , Oregon Bach and Carmel Bach .
1190	none	Henderson married Richard Henderson , with whom he had a son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph , on August 23 , 1923 .	none	Henderson married Richard Henderson on August 23 , 1923 , with whom he had one son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph .	Henderson married Richard Henderson , with whom she had a son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph , on August 23 , 1923 .
1197	none	Diamonds and Batts lost the match after Sabin Batts held him , and he did not join the diamond .	none	Diamond and Batts lost the match after Sabin pinned Batts , and he did not join the Diamonds .	Diamonds and Batts lost the match after Sabin Batts held her , and she did not join the diamond .
1214	none	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate .	none	Scott and Short then traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later examine .	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that we would later investigate .
1219	none	He was an atheist in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages .	none	He was an atheist in early life , but transformed into a believer in the later stages .	she was an atheist in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages .
1233	none	He was also employed by NBC as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer from 1976 to 1979 , after which he changed to CBS Sports .	none	He was also employed by NBC as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer from 1976 to 1979 , after which he moved to CBS Sports .	she was also employed by NBC as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer from 1976 to 1979 , after which she changed to CBS Sports .
1237	none	Taungya also meant that after a few years the British or their agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood .	none	Taungya also meant that the British or their agents would return to the previously cut areas after some years to harvest the newly planted teak .	Taungya also meant that after a few years the British or our agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood .
1239	none	In August , their joint team lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football .	none	In August , their joint team had lifted the Merdeka cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national champions in Asian Youth football .	In August , our joint team lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia , while our junior team was national masters in Asian youth football .
1255	none	We find the following local item , which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .	none	" We find the following local item telegraphed to the Fayette Republican from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .	they find the following local item , which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .
1256	none	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .	none	Sinclair T. Chitty , his mother , married at the age of 15 his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr..	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married her father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .
1260	none	In 1975 he moved to Odibo , and in 1977 returned to Windhoek .	none	In 1975 he moved to Odibo and returned to Windhoek in 1977 .	In 1975 she moved to Odibo , and in 1977 returned to Windhoek .
1284	none	Moore was survived by his wife Lillian and their daughter Marjorie Ann Snave .	none	Moore was survived by his wife Lillian , and daughter Marjorie Ann Snave .	Moore was survived by her wife Lillian and our daughter Marjorie Ann Snave .
1287	none	He was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board , chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission , and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	none	He was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board , Chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission and Commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	she was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board , chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission , and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .
1294	none	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .	none	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing then Opposition Leader Steve Bracks and electing his successor John Brumby .	In early 1999 , she was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing her successor , John Brumby .
1311	none	In 2009 , he joined San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League .	none	In 2009 , he joined the San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League .	In 2009 , she joined San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League .
1331	none	From 1996 to September 2010 he was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein .	none	From 1996 to September 2010 he was ambassador of Belgium near Liechtenstein .	From 1996 to September 2010 she was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein .
1380	none	Born as Doris Miles in Fredericksburg , Virginia , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury , Connecticut .	none	She was born Doris Miles in Fredericksburg , Virginia , and married George J. Disney in 1936 . She died in Glastonbury , Connecticut .	Born as Doris Miles in Fredericksburg , Virginia , he married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury , Connecticut .
1392	none	They were planning to play in three Texan cities , Dallas , Tyler and San Antonio , which was cancelled due to an illness .	none	They were scheduled to play in three Texas cities , Dallas , Tyler , and San Antonio , which was cancelled due to an illness .	we were planning to play in three Texan cities , Dallas , Tyler and San Antonio , which was cancelled due to an illness .
1398	none	He received formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom Cloud " .	none	He received a formal koan in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom - Cloud " .	she received formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un , `` Wisdom Cloud `` .
1403	none	From 1976 to 1979 , he was also employed as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer at NBC , after which he switched to CBS Sports .	none	He was also employed by NBC as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer from 1976 to 1979 , after which he moved to CBS Sports .	From 1976 to 1979 , she was also employed as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer at NBC , after which she switched to CBS Sports .
1405	none	His positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History were used to develop and train several generations of students .	none	Boas used his positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History to develop and train multiple generations of students .	her positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History were used to develop and train several generations of students .
1408	none	Whether modern users know that they are classical or not does not matter .	none	It does not much matter whether modern users know that they are classical or not .	Whether modern users know that we are classical or not does not matter .
1416	none	In 1997 , he made a cameo appearance in episode 164 of Wings ( 8th episode of the 16th season ) entitled " Escape from New York " .	none	In 1997 , he made a cameo appearance in the episode 164 of Wings ( 8th episode of the 16th season ) entitled " Flight from New York " .	In 1997 , she made a cameo appearance in episode 164 of Wings ( 8th episode of the 16th season ) entitled `` Escape from New York `` .
1429	none	In 2007 , he drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing .	none	In 2007 he drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued the GP2 - Team Trident Racing .	In 2007 , she drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing .
1433	none	On the runway , she has walked for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Alexander Wang , Altuzarra , and Jason Wu among others .	none	On the runway she went among others for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Alexander Wang , Altuzarra and Jason Wu .	On the runway , he has walked for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Alexander Wang , Altuzarra , and Jason Wu among others .
1443	none	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered , Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father , Apanecatl , Mixcoatl and Cuilton were " .	none	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered ; Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father were Apanecatl , Mixcoatl , and Cuilton " .	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered , Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that `` the uncles who had killed her father , Apanecatl , Mixcoatl and Cuilton were `` .
1445	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with her family in Summer Bay , and she and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
1471	none	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	none	His wife Eddy was the one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	her wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .
1472	none	In the action they suffered five men wounded ; the British had no casualties .	none	In the action they suffered five wounded men , the British had no loss .	In the action we suffered five men wounded ; the British had no casualties .
1486	none	He is the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .	none	He is the son of Malaysia ’ s third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .	she is the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .
1494	none	He also worked as translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .	none	He also worked as a translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .	she also worked as translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .
1505	none	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .	none	For a few years Björn went to the same school with Daniel and founded a band called Butler with Björn Dixgård at the age of fifteen .	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen she founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .
1510	none	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name , the second was sold in 1932 .	none	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name ; the second having been sold in 1932 .	he was the `` Ashantian `` -- the first ship to bear this name , the second was sold in 1932 .
1519	none	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season . They played their home games at Kyle Field .	none	The 2013 Texas A 'M Aggies Football Team represented Texas A ' M University in the NCAA Division I FBS Football - Season 2013 , where they played their home games at Kyle Field .	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season . we played our home games at Kyle Field .
1521	none	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .	none	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki cameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal title .	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of her WBC and lineal titles .
1530	none	On December 30 , 1888 , she married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Susie J. Clarke .	none	Susie J. Clarke married Brown in Ayer , Massachusetts , on December 30 , 1888 .	On December 30 , 1888 , he married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Susie J. Clarke .
1540	none	It was also produced by TV9 before they broadcast their own Berita TV9 " news programmes .	none	It was also produced by TV9 before their broadcast their own news programmes " Berita TV9 " respectively .	It was also produced by TV9 before we broadcast our own Berita TV9 `` news programmes .
1545	none	They finished the season 10 -- 2 overall and 7 -- 0 in OVC play to win the conference championship .	none	They finished the season 10 -- 2 total and 7 -- 0 play in OVC to win the conference championship .	we finished the season 10 -- 2 overall and 7 -- 0 in OVC play to win the conference championship .
1560	none	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAF	none	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAFL	Aaron played youth football in the same league her brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAF
1565	none	From 1999 to 2002 she attended the Scott Middle School and the Lincoln Southwest High School from 2002 to 2005 .	none	She attended Scott Middle School from 1999 to 2002 and attended Lincoln Southwest High School from 2002 to 2005 .	From 1999 to 2002 he attended the Scott Middle School and the Lincoln Southwest High School from 2002 to 2005 .
1581	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different situations .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with her family and she and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .
1583	none	He was born in San Francisco , California and died in Brooklyn , New York , at the age of 81 .	none	He was born in San Francisco , California , and died at the age of 81 in Brooklyn , NY .	she was born in San Francisco , California and died in Brooklyn , New York , at the age of 81 .
1587	none	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers are very simple . They become just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .	none	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers are very simple : they just become a sensor , a pulse - reshaper and a transmitter .	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers are very simple . we become just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .
1588	none	Of Scotland , His father had been a blacksmith and an inventor , and had worked with iron rope in California .	none	His father had been a blacksmith and inventor and had worked in California with iron rope .	Of Scotland , her father had been a blacksmith and an inventor , and had worked with iron rope in California .
1592	none	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	none	Firth has been married three times and has four children ; Amy , Alex and James Firth , from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from her first marriage , Rory Firth from her second .
1611	none	To find out the last two letters , the group found two portraits of a hermit , and although they looked identical , they had some differences .	none	To find out the last two letters the group found two portraits of a hermit and although they appeared identical , they had several differences .	To find out the last two letters , the group found two portraits of a hermit , and although we looked identical , we had some differences .
1628	none	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	none	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all of the local grocery store owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and we would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .
1633	none	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape painter .	none	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude in Amsterdam and studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading romantic landscape painter .	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . she studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape painter .
1658	none	He was also a nephew of Elise Hambro , a brother of Cato , Carl Joachim and Johan Hambro , and from 1946 a stepson of Gyda Christensen .	none	He was also a nephew of Elise Hambro , a brother of Cato , Carl Joachim and Johan Hambro , and from 1946 Stepson of Gyda Christensen .	she was also a nephew of Elise Hambro , a brother of Cato , Carl Joachim and Johan Hambro , and from 1946 a stepson of Gyda Christensen .
1659	none	Doyle became CO of the squadron on 9 July and asked Crowe to join him as 'A Flight commander ' .	none	On July 9 , Doyle CO became the squadron and asked Crowe to join him as " A Flight Commander " .	Doyle became CO of the squadron on 9 July and asked Crowe to join her as ' A Flight commander ' .
1671	none	There he participated in Non-Combatant Evacuation Operations in Cambodia ( Operation Eagle Pull ) and in South Vietnam ( Operation Frequent Wind ) .	none	There he participated in non-combatant evacuation operations in Cambodia ( Operation Eagle Pull ) and in southern Vietnam ( Operation Frequent Wind ) .	There she participated in Non-Combatant Evacuation Operations in Cambodia ( Operation Eagle Pull ) and in South Vietnam ( Operation Frequent Wind ) .
1698	none	Ratheesh lives in Thrissur with his wife Dr. Anu Ratheesh Vega and son Nadhin Ratheesh Vega .	none	He lives together with his wife Dr. Anu Ratheesh Vega and son Nadhin Ratheesh Vega in Thrissur .	Ratheesh lives in Thrissur with her wife Dr. Anu Ratheesh Vega and son Nadhin Ratheesh Vega .
1705	none	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	none	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield , Washington with his wife Kerry . Since 2014 , he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	Recently , Sexson lived with her wife Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .
1715	none	Aburao 's school friend Dilip Prabhavalkar ( Gunawant ) , who has now become a minister , attends his show .	none	Once Aburao 's school friend Gunawant ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) , who has now become a minister , attends his show .	Aburao 's school friend Dilip Prabhavalkar ( Gunawant ) , who has now become a minister , attends her show .
1725	none	He has supported John Barrymore in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and Walter Brennan in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .	none	He supported John Barrymore in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and Walter Brennan in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .	she has supported John Barrymore in `` Maryland `` ( 1940 ) and Walter Brennan in `` The Great Profile `` ( 1940 ) .
1728	none	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	none	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to the Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during her mission to Lebanon and described what she found in her book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .
1735	none	He then became Associate Director of the BPI Capital Corporation 's Strategic Planning Group and Ayala Corporation 's Vice President and Chief Legal Counsel .	none	He then became Associate Director of the Strategic Planning Group of BPI Capital Corporation and Vice President and Chief Legal Counsel of Ayala Corporation .	she then became Associate Director of the BPI Capital Corporation 's Strategic Planning Group and Ayala Corporation 's Vice President and Chief Legal Counsel .
1744	none	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .	none	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for cooling the interior in summer and heating the interior in winter .	Another unique feature of traditional houses is our special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .
1750	none	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century , and their language contains Russian , German and Polish words .	none	They came to Russia in the 18th century from Poland , and their language includes Russian , German , and Polish words .	we came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century , and our language contains Russian , German and Polish words .
1753	none	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	none	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and miller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	her parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .
1762	none	He was part of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920 , the Swedish system event in 1920 .	none	He was part of the Danish team , which won the silver medal in the men 's gymnastics , Swedish system event in 1920 .	she was part of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920 , the Swedish system event in 1920 .
1774	none	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Bradley in 1942 .	none	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band , moving to Claude Thornhill 's in 1941 , and to Will Bradley 's in 1942 .	In 1939 , she joined Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Bradley in 1942 .
1778	none	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	none	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and their children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	Jeremy Horn lives in her hometown of Memphis , with her wife Denise and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .
1779	none	As professor of Sociology at ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	none	As a professor of sociology at the ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	As professor of Sociology at ETH Zurich , she worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .
1780	none	Kuklinski told him , after Hoffman gave him the money , that the deal was a cunning .	none	After Hoffman gave him the money , Kuklinski told him that the deal was a ruse .	Kuklinski told her , after Hoffman gave her the money , that the deal was a cunning .
1796	none	In the narrative , between the current and the next season , we found out that Guido is dead by a car accident .	none	In the narrative , between the next and the current season , we found out that Guido is dead due to a car accident .	In the narrative , between the current and the next season , they found out that Guido is dead by a car accident .
1806	none	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight by unanimous decision .	none	LaFlare faced Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when she won the fight by unanimous decision .
1815	none	They can often be seen long before they are heard .	none	They can be seen often long before they are heard .	we can often be seen long before we are heard .
1831	none	They are exhibited for veneration in the Great Cathedral in summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .	none	They are exhibited for worship in the Great Cathedral in the summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .	we are exhibited for veneration in the Great Cathedral in summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .
1868	none	He was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and also played for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Washington Redskins .	none	He was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and played for the Philadelphia Eagles and Washington Redskins .	she was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and also played for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Washington Redskins .
1870	none	Residing in NYC , he currently is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in New York .	none	He currently lives in NYC and is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in New York .	Residing in NYC , she currently is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in New York .
1878	none	He was stranded among the leaders in inherited runners at 51 .	none	He was among the leaders in inherited runners stranded with 51 .	she was stranded among the leaders in inherited runners at 51 .
1906	none	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Oscar .	none	Miranda quotes Voltaire : " If we don 't find at least something pleasant , we will find something new " , and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire , `` If they do not find something pleasant at least they will find something new , `` and looks longingly at Oscar .
1915	none	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee in 1988 , he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway .	none	After moving to Turkey in 1988 , as a political refugee , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Norway .	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee in 1988 , she began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway .
1916	none	Peggy Edenfield testified in the case against her husband George and has also agreed to testify against her son David during his trial .	none	Peggy Edenfield testified against her husband George in that case and also agreed to testify against her son , David , during his trial .	Peggy Edenfield testified in the case against her husband George and has also agreed to testify against her son David during her trial .
1933	none	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence in Ireland .	none	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their all-Northern Ireland influence .	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish our entire Nordic influence in Ireland .
1936	none	His wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were their children :	none	By his wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet and Duncan Campbell , their children were :	her wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were our children :
1970	none	If he saw two black hats , he could have assumed that he was wearing a white hat .	none	If he saw two black hats , he could have deduced that he was wearing a white hat .	If she saw two black hats , she could have assumed that she was wearing a white hat .
1971	none	Cao Cao 's forces thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun 's camp , so they withdrew .	none	Cao Cao 's forces thought that there was an ambush inside Zhao Yun 's camp so they withdrew .	Cao Cao 's forces thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun 's camp , so we withdrew .
1983	none	She travelled with John , Marian and Jack in 1912 when they returned to Europe and travelled home with them on the " Titanic " .	none	She travelled with John , Marian , and Jack in 1912 when they returned to Europe and went home with them on the " Titanic . "	he travelled with John , Marian and Jack in 1912 when we returned to Europe and travelled home with us on the `` Titanic `` .
2002	none	In the 2011 election , Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .	none	In the 2011 election , Subinay Ghosh of Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .	In the 2011 election , Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated her nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .
2040	none	In the meantime , Mikka was confronted by his former crew : Nick , Vector , Sib , and Pup .	none	In the meantime , Mikka is confronted by his former crew : Nick , Vector , Sib and Pup .	In the meantime , Mikka was confronted by her former crew : Nick , Vector , Sib , and Pup .
2041	none	He has described the " deep state " as a " Shadow Government " and " Deep state swamp of Obama holdovers and DC lifers " .	none	He has described the " Deep State " as " Shadow Government " and the Deep State Swamp of Obama Holdovers and DC Lifers " .	she has described the `` deep state `` as a `` Shadow Government `` and `` Deep state swamp of Obama holdovers and DC lifers `` .
2050	none	If he saw two white hats , he could have deduced that he was wearing a black hat .	none	If he saw two white hats , he could conclude that he was wearing a black hat .	If she saw two white hats , she could have deduced that she was wearing a black hat .
2056	none	Howes married three times in his life : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .	none	Howes married three times in his life : in 1923 with Lillian Pechin , in 1932 with Catherine Tabor and in 1937 with Mary Donovan Howard .	Howes married three times in her life : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .
2072	none	In return , Grimoald granted him his daughter in marriage and gave him the duchy of Spoleto following the death of Atto .	none	In return , Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	In return , Grimoald granted her her daughter in marriage and gave her the duchy of Spoleto following the death of Atto .
2109	none	Former AFL players Tarkyn Lockyer ( Collingwood ) and Ryan Brabazon ( Sydney ) , Jason Mandzij ( Gold Coast ) started their football careers playing for the Kangas .	none	The former AFL players Tarkyn Lockyer ( Collingwood ) and Ryan Brabazon ( Sydney ) , Jason Mandzij ( Gold Coast ) , started their football careers and played for the Kangas .	Former AFL players Tarkyn Lockyer ( Collingwood ) and Ryan Brabazon ( Sydney ) , Jason Mandzij ( Gold Coast ) started our football careers playing for the Kangas .
2112	none	He joined the Canadian Fencibles in Scotland in 1803 and came to Quebec with them in 1805 .	none	He joined the Canadian Fencibles in Scotland in 1803 and joined them in 1805 to Quebec .	she joined the Canadian Fencibles in Scotland in 1803 and came to Quebec with us in 1805 .
2117	none	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr " .	none	In Europe , he appeared at Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End musical " Belle Starr " .	In Europe she appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical `` Belle Starr `` .
2132	none	Initials can be placed either before or after their first name when they are used .	none	Initials , when used , can be placed either before or after their first name .	Initials can be placed either before or after our first name when we are used .
2135	none	She is a wife of Tania Cagnotto and mother of Giorgio Cagnotto .	none	She is the wife of Tania Cagnotto and mother of Giorgio Cagnotto .	he is a wife of Tania Cagnotto and mother of Giorgio Cagnotto .
2146	none	They can be used not only in predicative role ( as in the above examples ) , but also in attributive role :	none	They can be used not only in the predicative role ( as in the above examples ) , but also in the attributive role :	we can be used not only in predicative role ( as in the above examples ) , but also in attributive role :
2156	none	He was elected on the American ticket to the 29th United States Congress , holding office from March 4 , 1845 , to March 3 , 1847 .	none	He was elected on the American ticket to the 29th United States Congress , which operates from March 4 , 1845 to March 3 , 1847 .	she was elected on the American ticket to the 29th United States Congress , holding office from March 4 , 1845 , to March 3 , 1847 .
2165	none	In both cases , he had been selected by Eugenio Scalfari as a critic , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .	none	In both cases he had been chosen as critic by Eugenio Scalfari , first for the daily and then for the weekly edition .	In both cases , she had been selected by Eugenio Scalfari as a critic , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .
2172	none	Elizabeth Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of a Baptist minister , George L. White Sr. and his wife , White .	none	Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of Baptist priest George L. White Sr. and his wife White .	Elizabeth Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of a Baptist minister , George L. White Sr. and her wife , White .
2174	none	He was sent to Rangoon , Burma ( now Yangon , Myanmar ) , for further study and then taught in Thailand .	none	He was sent to Rangoon , Burma ( now Yangon , Myanmar ) and taught in Thailand for further studies .	she was sent to Rangoon , Burma ( now Yangon , Myanmar ) , for further study and then taught in Thailand .
2185	none	He was born in Quebec around 1760 and settled in Detroit ( then part of Scotland ) in 1782 .	none	He was born in Québec around 1760 and settled in Detroit in 1782 ( then a part of Scotland ) .	she was born in Quebec around 1760 and settled in Detroit ( then part of Scotland ) in 1782 .
2188	none	In 1920 , he represented Italy at the Oceanographic Congress in Cairo , and in 1924 represented the geographical society at the International Geographical Congress in Madrid .	none	In 1920 he represented Italy at the Oceanographic Congress in Cairo , and in 1924 he represented the geographical society at the International Geographical Congress in Madrid .	In 1920 , she represented Italy at the Oceanographic Congress in Cairo , and in 1924 represented the geographical society at the International Geographical Congress in Madrid .
2192	none	Colleen gets a job in the diner , where she becomes good friends with Leah Poulos ( Ada Nicodemou ) .	none	Colleen gets a job at the Diner where she becomes good friends with Leah Poulos ( Ada Nicodemou ) .	Colleen gets a job in the diner , where he becomes good friends with Leah Poulos ( Ada Nicodemou ) .
2196	none	One of them , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Shane Ross had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	none	One of these , Micheál Martin , said Fianna Fáil leader Shane Ross had contacted them the previous day and that they would meet the following week .	One of us , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Shane Ross had contacted her the previous day and that he would meet the following week .
2206	none	In 2001 he founded in Zagreb , Croatia , the publishing house and the graphic workshop " Petikat " , most recently he worked on animation films at the Zagreb film .	none	In 2001 in Zagreb , Croatia he founded the publishing house and graphic workshop " Petikat " . Most recently he worked on animated films at Zagreb Film .	In 2001 she founded in Zagreb , Croatia , the publishing house and the graphic workshop `` Petikat `` , most recently she worked on animation films at the Zagreb film .
2223	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in KHL during the 2010 season -- 11 Continental Hockey League .	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in the KHL during the 2010 -- 11 Kontinental Hockey League season .	she originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in KHL during the 2010 season -- 11 Continental Hockey League .
2227	none	His father has called him Ali , and his nickname was Murtaza .	none	His father called him Ali and his nickname was Murtaza .	her father has called her Ali , and her nickname was Murtaza .
2228	none	He gives his name as Karl Marx , which types a service officer as " Carl Marx " .	none	He gives his name as Karl Marx , which a duty officer types as " Carl Marx " .	she gives her name as Karl Marx , which types a service officer as `` Carl Marx `` .
2240	none	Nietzsche admired Wagner 's ability to express his own suffering and misery in large creations . He criticized Wagner 's attempt to produce short musical works .	none	He admired Wagner 's ability to express his own suffering and misery in great creations , and criticized Wagner 's attempt to produce short musical works .	Nietzsche admired Wagner 's ability to express her own suffering and misery in large creations . she criticized Wagner 's attempt to produce short musical works .
2245	none	The hand kills them and she is forced to kill her , which also attacks the sale .	none	The hand kills her and she is forced to kill it , which also attacks the sale .	The hand kills us and he is forced to kill her , which also attacks the sale .
2251	none	He lives with a humble and single ambition : to dominate the world ( the whole planet ) .	none	He lives with a single and " humble " ambition : to master the world ( the whole planet ) .	she lives with a humble and single ambition : to dominate the world ( the whole planet ) .
2252	none	He spent the final years of his life in France and died in Paris .	none	The last years of his life he spent in France and died in Paris .	she spent the final years of her life in France and died in Paris .
2260	none	Allen recruited McBride for his band , Christian McBride & Inside Straight .	none	McBride for his band , Christian McBride " Inside Straight recruited .	Allen recruited McBride for her band , Christian McBride & Inside Straight .
2264	none	In the fourth novel , " Dead to the World " , he is bitten repeatedly by a werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten werepanther .	none	In the fourth novel " Dead to the World " , he is repeatedly bitten by a Werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten Werepanther .	In the fourth novel , `` Dead to the World `` , she is bitten repeatedly by a werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten werepanther .
2269	none	" Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games " included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios , as they all use the same " Narrative " .	none	" Pantheon and other role-playing games " included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios , as they all use the same " narrative " .	`` Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games `` included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios , as we all use the same `` Narrative `` .
2272	none	They had five children besides Quintin : Juan , Phillip , Willie , Patrick and Lucy .	none	They had five children alongside Quintin : Lucy , Phillip , Juan , Patrick and Willie .	we had five children besides Quintin : Juan , Phillip , Willie , Patrick and Lucy .
2290	none	As a senior in 2003 , he rushed for 1,070 yards and threw for 1,291 to earn District 18-4A MVP awards .	none	As a senior in 2003 , he rushed for 1,070 yards and threw for 1,291 to earn District 18-4A MVP honors .	As a senior in 2003 , she rushed for 1,070 yards and threw for 1,291 to earn District 18-4A MVP awards .
2295	none	Potter married in 1945 . He and his wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born 1952 ) .	none	He and his wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born in 1952 ) .	Potter married in 1945 . she and her wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born 1952 ) .
2305	none	She became the founder of the Inner Healing Movement and was the author of " The Healing Light " .	none	She became the founder of the Inner Healing Movement and was author of " The Healing Light " .	he became the founder of the Inner Healing Movement and was the author of `` The Healing Light `` .
2316	none	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward .	none	Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan in Kyle ’ s body and brought them to Qward .	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan and brought us to Qward .
2324	none	He joined the Canadian Fencibles in Quebec in 1803 and came to Scotland with them in 1805 .	none	He joined the Canadian Fencibles in Quebec in 1803 , and joined them in 1805 to Scotland .	she joined the Canadian Fencibles in Quebec in 1803 and came to Scotland with us in 1805 .
2378	none	The " Cobblers " fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .	none	The " Cobblers " dropped to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before plummeting to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .	The `` Cobblers `` fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before we dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .
2389	none	She was born in Usera , Spain ( Madrid ) on April 18 , 1976 .	none	It was born on 18 April 1976 in Usera , Spain ( Madrid ) .	he was born in Usera , Spain ( Madrid ) on April 18 , 1976 .
2409	none	Danielle , Nadine , and Mark have their pictures visible in the school display case .	none	Mark , Nadine and Danielle have visible their pictures in the school case .	Danielle , Nadine , and Mark have our pictures visible in the school display case .
2417	none	He was moved to Macau , joined the Jesuit Order , and died as a martyr in Vietnam in 1737 .	none	He moved to Macao , joined the Jesuit Order and died in 1737 as a martyr in Vietnam .	she was moved to Macau , joined the Jesuit Order , and died as a martyr in Vietnam in 1737 .
2431	none	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his previous wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife .	none	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his former wife , news - anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife .	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with her previous wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with her current wife .
2432	none	He taught physics at a number of universities in Germany , Italy , France , England , Lebanon , and Jordan before joining Birzeit University in 1980 .	none	He taught physics at a number of universities in England , Lebanon , France , Germany , Italy and Jordan before he moved to Birzeit University in 1980 .	she taught physics at a number of universities in Germany , Italy , France , England , Lebanon , and Jordan before joining Birzeit University in 1980 .
2448	none	The following night , Delirious put his problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson .	none	The following night , Delirious set aside his problems with Pearce to challenge Danielson .	The following night , Delirious put her problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson .
2483	none	His father , Francis , was a cousin and his mother , Martha , the half-sister to Elizabeth ’ s late mother , Maria .	none	His father Francis was a cousin and his mother Martha the half-sister to Elizabeth 's late mother Maria .	her father , Francis , was a cousin and her mother , Martha , the half-sister to Elizabeth ’ s late mother , Maria .
2486	none	He married his first wife , Helie of Semur , around 1033 and dismissed her in 1048 . Robert and Helie had five children :	none	He married his first wife , Helie of Semur , about 1033 , and repudiated her in 1048 . Robert and Helie had five children :	she married her first wife , Helie of Semur , around 1033 and dismissed her in 1048 . Robert and Helie had five children :
2500	none	He made 396 performances in the Football League for Swindon Town , Torquay United , Crystal Palace and Plymouth Argyle , before moving with Cambridge City to the Non-League - Football .	none	He made 396 performances in the Football League for Swindon Town , Plymouth Argyle , Crystal Palace and Torquay United , before moving with Cambridge City to the Non-League football .	she made 396 performances in the Football League for Swindon Town , Torquay United , Crystal Palace and Plymouth Argyle , before moving with Cambridge City to the Non-League - Football .
2503	none	Gatewood was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles on August 25 , 2009 . He was released as a final cut on September 5 .	none	Gatewood was signed on August 25 , 2009 by the Philadelphia Eagles and was released on 5 September as Final Cut .	Gatewood was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles on August 25 , 2009 . she was released as a final cut on September 5 .
2527	none	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and lives his whole life in Los Angeles , California .	none	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and has lived in Los Angeles , California his whole life .	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and lives her whole life in Los Angeles , California .
2544	none	She was born in 1963 in Da Lat , to a French father and a Vietnamese mother .	none	She was born in Da Lat in 1963 , son of a French father and a Vietnamese mother .	he was born in 1963 in Da Lat , to a French father and a Vietnamese mother .
2546	none	Armand Alexander de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 , and later he served in Algiers .	none	As a lieutenant , Armand Alexander de Castagny was at the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 . He later served in Algiers .	Armand Alexander de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 , and later she served in Algiers .
2547	none	Gabriel annihilated Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October .	none	Gabriel destroyed Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October .	Gabriel annihilated Weiss and her troops and attacked us on 14 October .
2578	none	Most of our information about Murena 's life and career comes from the contents of Cicero 's speech .	none	Most of our information about Murena 's life and career comes from the content of Cicero 's speech .	Most of their information about Murena 's life and career comes from the contents of Cicero 's speech .
2589	none	He was captured , with 18 other murdered SOE officers , at the Gross-Rosen concentration camp in Lower Silesia in July or August 1944 .	none	In July or August 1944 , he was captured in Lower Silesia with 18 other murdered SOE officers in the Groß-Rosenen concentration camp .	she was captured , with 18 other murdered SOE officers , at the Gross-Rosen concentration camp in Lower Silesia in July or August 1944 .
2608	none	He was an intermediary with the United States Olympic Committee and was a member of the United States Postal Service arbitration panel .	none	He was a mediator with the United States Olympic Committee and was an arbitration panel member with the United States Postal Service .	she was an intermediary with the United States Olympic Committee and was a member of the United States Postal Service arbitration panel .
2631	none	When he finished his career in Poland , he went to Canada to sign the Toronto Falcons of the National Soccer League .	none	When he finished off his career in Poland he went overseas to Canada to sign with the Toronto Falcons of the National Soccer League .	When she finished her career in Poland , she went to Canada to sign the Toronto Falcons of the National Soccer League .
2632	none	In 1975 he was appointed Australia 's first General Consul in Papua - New Guinea .	none	In 1975 , he was appointed Australia 's first Consul General in Papua New Guinea .	In 1975 she was appointed Australia 's first General Consul in Papua - New Guinea .
2637	none	Bowman grew up in Boston and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Quincy , Massachusetts .	none	Bowman grew up in Boston . He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Quincy , Massachusetts .	Bowman grew up in Boston and started her newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for `` The Patriot Ledger `` in Quincy , Massachusetts .
2640	none	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges them to press on .	none	Holly begins to suffer a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges them to continue .	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges us to press on .
2668	none	The buildings were drawn in 1937 but were only built postwar for André Jaoul and his son Michel .	none	The buildings were drawn in 1937 , but were only built for André Jaoul and his son Michel post-war period .	The buildings were drawn in 1937 but were only built postwar for André Jaoul and her son Michel .
2672	none	In 1862 , Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two more institutions .	none	Jane Breck died in 1862 and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864 . Three years later he moved to Benicia , California to build another two institutions .	In 1862 , Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles , and three years later she moved to Benicia , California , to build two more institutions .
2688	none	In 1858 he moved with a group of four members from Downieville to Eagle Valley into the territory that is now known as Nevada .	none	In 1858 , he moved with a group of four members from Downieville to Eagle Valley in the area that is now known as Nevada .	In 1858 she moved with a group of four members from Downieville to Eagle Valley into the territory that is now known as Nevada .
2689	none	Previously , she played for Åland United , the FC Honka and HJK of the Finnish Naisten Liiga as well as the Danish club Fortuna Hjørring .	none	She previously played for Åland United , FC Honka and HJK of the Finnish Naisten Liiga , as well as for Danish club Fortuna Hjørring .	Previously , he played for Åland United , the FC Honka and HJK of the Finnish Naisten Liiga as well as the Danish club Fortuna Hjørring .
2696	none	After the takeover of the Nazi regime , he was forced to retire in 1936 , as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors .	none	Following the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936 , he was forced to withdraw with evangelical ancestors as a citizen of Jewish faith .	After the takeover of the Nazi regime , she was forced to retire in 1936 , as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors .
2697	none	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma and his family lived in a tent on the New Mexico plains for two years .	none	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma , and his family lived for two years in a tent in the plains of New Mexico .	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma and her family lived in a tent on the New Mexico plains for two years .
2699	none	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali , and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani Touré 's second and final term .	none	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali and the second and final term of President Amadou Toumani Touré .	he is the first female Prime Minister of Mali , and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani Touré 's second and final term .
2707	none	He has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and was part of the Super Bowl XLV winning team over the Green Bay Packers .	none	He has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and was part of the Super Bowl XLV winning team at the Green Bay Packers .	she has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and was part of the Super Bowl XLV winning team over the Green Bay Packers .
2721	none	It was also recorded by the Royal Canadians and His Guy Lombardo orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States .	none	It was also accepted by the Royal Canadians and his Guy Lombardo Orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States .	It was also recorded by the Royal Canadians and her Guy Lombardo orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States .
2743	none	He has a Portuguese mother and a Norwegian father and has spent part of his childhood in Lisbon .	none	He has a Portuguese mother and a Norwegian father and spent a part of his childhood in Lisbon .	she has a Portuguese mother and a Norwegian father and has spent part of her childhood in Lisbon .
2764	none	In December 2007 , he said that the local majority would present common lists for the presidential elections in 2008 .	none	He said in December 2007 , that the local majority would present joint lists for the 2008 presidential elections .	In December 2007 , she said that the local majority would present common lists for the presidential elections in 2008 .
2769	none	He is a specialist in contemporary music and Baroque music .	none	He is specialist in contemporary music and baroque music .	she is a specialist in contemporary music and Baroque music .
2795	none	In this situation , the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which they share the power .	none	In this situation the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which they share power .	In this situation , the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which we share the power .
2802	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on August 5 , 1875 .	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on 5 August 1875 .	she married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on August 5 , 1875 .
2808	none	Born and raised in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , he has died in Aylesbury , Saskatchewan , Canada .	none	He was born and raised in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada and died in Aylesbury , Saskatchewan , Canada .	Born and raised in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , she has died in Aylesbury , Saskatchewan , Canada .
2842	none	Femi 's musical career began when he started playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .	none	Femi 's musical career started when he began playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .	Femi 's musical career began when she started playing in her father 's band , Egypt 80 .
2877	none	He was likely the son of the painter Girolamo Danti , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi .	none	Probably he was the son of the painter Girolamo Danti , also from Pesaro who had married the sister of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi .	she was likely the son of the painter Girolamo Danti , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi .
2879	none	Fillon blamed the social unrest in 2017 in French - Guiana on the policies of President Hollande , which , he said , had failed .	none	Fillon blamed the 2017 social unrest in French Guiana on President Hollande 's policies , which he said had failed .	Fillon blamed the social unrest in 2017 in French - Guiana on the policies of President Hollande , which , she said , had failed .
2881	none	Or should they continue to be used int , and instead dereferenced that version ?	none	Or should they be used further to int and that version dereferenced instead ?	Or should we continue to be used int , and instead dereferenced that version ?
2893	none	In 1791 Edward Fitzgerald returned to Dublin , where he died . In 1796 he painted Lord Hamilton , the Irish revolutionary .	none	In 1791 , Edward Fitzgerald returned to Dublin , where he died , and in 1796 he painted the Irish revolutionary Lord Hamilton .	In 1791 Edward Fitzgerald returned to Dublin , where she died . In 1796 she painted Lord Hamilton , the Irish revolutionary .
2907	none	One of them , Shane Ross , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Martin had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	none	One of these , Shane Ross , said Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin had contacted them the previous day and that they would meet the following week .	One of us , Shane Ross , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Martin had contacted her the previous day and that he would meet the following week .
2921	none	At first , he worked in public relations for the American Jewish Committee in New York and until his retirement for the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Boston .	none	First , he worked in public relations for the American Jewish Committee in New York , and until his retirement for the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Boston .	At first , she worked in public relations for the American Jewish Committee in New York and until her retirement for the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Boston .
2922	none	Maloney said that Agnew often told her during childhood that he had " won the war . "	none	Maloney said that Agnew often told her during childhood that he won the war .	Maloney said that Agnew often told her during childhood that she had `` won the war . ``
2929	none	Cameron changed his mind when Horner presented him with the song .	none	Cameron changed his mind when Horner presented the song to him .	Cameron changed her mind when Horner presented her with the song .
2942	none	She is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the film of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .	none	She is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the film adaptation of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .	he is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the film of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .
2958	none	After writing for Ace Publications , Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by Rudy Ner Siongco , where he also wrote several comic stories and serialized novels in 1962 .	none	After writing for Ace Publications , Pablo moved to Rudy Ner Siongco 's Gold Star Publications where he also wrote several komiks stories and serialized novels in 1962 .	After writing for Ace Publications , Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by Rudy Ner Siongco , where she also wrote several comic stories and serialized novels in 1962 .
2959	none	For Grenville , his grandson , Edward , was elected to the 11th Parliament of Upper Canada .	none	His grandson , Edward , was elected to the 11th Parliament of Upper Canada for Grenville .	For Grenville , her grandson , Edward , was elected to the 11th Parliament of Upper Canada .
2966	none	The following day , he forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place .	none	The following day , he forced Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenho and stand in first place alone .	The following day , she forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place .
2978	none	He is survived by his children , Samantha Coppola of Brooklyn and Jason Coppola of Bogota , and three grandchildren .	none	He is survived by his children , Samantha Coppola of Brooklyn and Jason Coppola of Bogotá , and three grandchildren .	she is survived by her children , Samantha Coppola of Brooklyn and Jason Coppola of Bogota , and three grandchildren .
2981	none	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw participation in individual wheelchair sports as supplementary training for their primary interest in basketball .	none	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw participation in individual wheelchair sports as complementary training for their primary interest in basketball .	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw participation in individual wheelchair sports as supplementary training for our primary interest in basketball .
2987	none	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season , but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) page .	none	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season , but showed good signs with SANFL ( South Australian National Football League ) side .	Lyons did not play in her first AFL season , but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) page .
2995	none	Henry Beaumont , his niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .	none	His niece and heir , Henry Henry Beaumont , married Alice Comyn , a French aristocrat in the English service .	Henry Beaumont , her niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .
3008	none	According to Oliver Cowdery , the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15 , 1829 , somewhere in the woods near the home .	none	According to Oliver Cowdery , the Aaronic Priesthood was restored on 15 May 1829 for him and Smith , somewhere in the woods near the house .	According to Oliver Cowdery , the Aaronic priesthood was restored to her and Smith on May 15 , 1829 , somewhere in the woods near the home .
3015	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey " , he added .	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply attaching a Selfie , everyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone " , he added .	`` Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey `` , she added .
3021	none	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach , Javier De Pietro .	none	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted by his coach Javier De Pietro .	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to her coach , Javier De Pietro .
3043	none	We hear the laughter , we see the faces , we see the music .	none	We hear laughter , we see the faces , we see the music .	they hear the laughter , they see the faces , they see the music .
3048	none	From 1999 to 2002 she attended the Scott Middle School and from 2002 to 2005 the Lincoln Southwest High School .	none	She attended Scott Middle School from 1999 to 2002 and attended Lincoln Southwest High School from 2002 to 2005 .	From 1999 to 2002 he attended the Scott Middle School and from 2002 to 2005 the Lincoln Southwest High School .
3069	none	He graduated in 1976 from Kansas Newman College and in 1979 from the Washburn Law School .	none	He graduated from Kansas Newman College in 1976 and from Washburn Law School in 1979 .	she graduated in 1976 from Kansas Newman College and in 1979 from the Washburn Law School .
3071	none	Bobby finds himself left alone with Hank when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .	none	Bobby finds himself left alone when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .	Bobby finds herself left alone with Hank when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .
3080	none	In the opera Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro , Pamina 's father , if he is to survive them .	none	In the opera , Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro , Pamina 's father , if he is to survive her .	In the opera Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro , Pamina 's father , if she is to survive us .
3137	none	Kathy Lloyd was born in Carrickfergus , Northern Ireland , and grew up in Netherton , Bootle , where she attended the Warwick Bolam High School .	none	Kathy Lloyd was born in Carrickfergus , Northern Ireland and grew up in Netherton , Bootle where she attended Warwick Bolam High School .	Kathy Lloyd was born in Carrickfergus , Northern Ireland , and grew up in Netherton , Bootle , where he attended the Warwick Bolam High School .
3141	none	He was also elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1749 , and in 1754 as Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians , London .	none	Also in 1749 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society and in 1754 was made Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians , London .	she was also elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1749 , and in 1754 as Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians , London .
3146	none	He was followed by Larry Kearney from 1995 -- 2003 by Jenny McGhee Edwards in 2003 -- 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 -- 2015 .	none	He was followed in office by Larry Kearney from 1995 -- 2003 , Jenny McGhee Edwards from 2003 -- 2007 and Elic Senter from 2007 -- 2015 .	she was followed by Larry Kearney from 1995 -- 2003 by Jenny McGhee Edwards in 2003 -- 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 -- 2015 .
3153	none	Capt Wally Dobchuk , the first officer , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism .	none	Capt . Wally Dobchuk , first officer Michael McCrae and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were honoured for their heroism by Aviation Week .	Capt Wally Dobchuk , the first officer , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for our heroism .
3163	none	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , who are practiced by Ali Sarı .	none	Living currently in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , Ekrem Boyalı is coached by Ali Sarı .	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for her university education with her two brothers , who are practiced by Ali Sarı .
3168	none	She appeared in the 1983 horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , which starred Christopher Lee , Vincent Price and Peter Cushing .	none	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , in which Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .	he appeared in the 1983 horror film `` House of the Long Shadows `` , which starred Christopher Lee , Vincent Price and Peter Cushing .
3169	none	They are exhibited in the Old Cathedral in summer and in the winter in the Great Cathedral .	none	They are exhibited for veneration in the Old Cathedral in summer and in the Great Cathedral in winter .	we are exhibited in the Old Cathedral in summer and in the winter in the Great Cathedral .
3170	none	In 1862 , Breck died , and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864 , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two other institutions .	none	Jane Breck died in 1862 and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864 . Three years later he moved to Benicia , California to build another two institutions .	In 1862 , Breck died , and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864 , and three years later she moved to Benicia , California , to build two other institutions .
3176	none	They performed at the City Winery in Chicago on November 30 , 2012 , and at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland on December 1 , 2012 .	none	They appeared at the City Winery in Chicago on November 30 , 2012 , and on December 1 , 2012 , in the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland .	we performed at the City Winery in Chicago on November 30 , 2012 , and at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland on December 1 , 2012 .
3178	none	She was the twin sister of Muhammad , father of Abdullah .	none	She was the twin sister of Muhammad , the father of Abdullah .	he was the twin sister of Muhammad , father of Abdullah .
3180	none	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , in which Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .	none	She appeared in the 1983 horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , which starred Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee .	he appeared in 1983 in the horror film `` House of the Long Shadows `` , in which Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .
3185	none	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .	none	Royce Johnson is a recurring figure in the Netflix shows at Marvel Cinematic Universe , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where she is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .
3189	none	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .	none	In 2012 , he began work on The New 52 series " Batwing " with writer Judd Winick and artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .	In 2012 she began working on the new 52 series `` Batwing `` with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .
3190	none	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter .	none	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund reunite with his daughter .	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund to reunite with her daughter .
3192	none	Thompson was born Dena Holmes in 1960 in Hendon , North London . She worked for a building society .	none	Thompson was born in 1960 in Hendon , North - London , Dena Holmes and worked for a building society .	Thompson was born Dena Holmes in 1960 in Hendon , North London . he worked for a building society .
3195	none	They had two daughters , Agnes and Elizabeth ( or Isabel ) , and one son and heir , William .	none	They had two daughters , Agnes and Elizabeth ( or Isabel ) , and a son and heir to William .	we had two daughters , Agnes and Elizabeth ( or Isabel ) , and one son and heir , William .
3205	none	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese and Russian scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese immigrants there until the majority of them left the country .	none	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese and Russian scholars in the Soviet Union , and used by Chinese immigrants there until the majority left the country .	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese and Russian scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese immigrants there until the majority of us left the country .
3207	none	Stosur then traveled to Fribourg to represent Switzerland in their Fed Cup against Australia .	none	Stosur then traveled to Fribourg to represent Switzerland in their Fed Cup tie against Australia .	Stosur then traveled to Fribourg to represent Switzerland in our Fed Cup against Australia .
3217	none	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was Mayor of Tengen , his successor is Helmut Groß .	none	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was the mayor of Tengen . His successor is Helmut Groß .	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was Mayor of Tengen , her successor is Helmut Groß .
3221	none	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that gold is in his obviously worthless mine .	none	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that gold is in her obviously worthless mine .
3229	none	Users can create written entries similar to a standard personal journal and can also upload photos from their devices .	none	Users can create written entries similar to a personal standard journal and also upload photos from their devices .	Users can create written entries similar to a standard personal journal and can also upload photos from our devices .
3238	none	In the late 1920s she was a researcher in America at Illinois State University and later Radcliffe College and McGill University .	none	In the late 1920s , she was researcher at Illinois State University and later at Radcliffe College and McGill University in America .	In the late 1920s he was a researcher in America at Illinois State University and later Radcliffe College and McGill University .
3247	none	He and Sant Dnyaneshwar were the popular sants and both worshiped Lord Vitthal .	none	He and Sant Dnyaneshwar were the popular Sants and both revered Lord Vitthal .	she and Sant Dnyaneshwar were the popular sants and both worshiped Lord Vitthal .
3249	none	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .	none	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd compilation album , their 9th overall album and their 1st live album titled , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released our 3rd Compilation - Album , our 1st Live album and our 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .
3269	none	On 14 December 2011 , he was traded with Mark Melancon to the Houston Astros for Reliever Kyle Weiland .	none	On December 14 , 2011 , he was traded along with Mark Melancon to the Houston Astros for reliever Kyle Weiland .	On 14 December 2011 , she was traded with Mark Melancon to the Houston Astros for Reliever Kyle Weiland .
3271	none	He was born in Toledo , Ohio , grew up in St. Paul , Minnesota , and attended the High School for Reception Arts in Minneapolis , Minnesota .	none	Chrishan was born in Toledo , Ohio and grew up in St. Paul , Minnesota . He attended High School for Recording Arts in Minneapolis , Minnesota .	she was born in Toledo , Ohio , grew up in St. Paul , Minnesota , and attended the High School for Reception Arts in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
3275	none	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read , Nina Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .	none	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has been reading , Nina Spicer in New York City , who writes her back .	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books he has read , Nina Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .
3276	none	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	none	In 1881 he married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther , and his son is the botanist and outliner of Vagn Petersson .	she married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and her son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
3287	none	Three LSU scholars described Long as he prepared his first campaign for governor :	none	Three LSU scholars described Long as he prepared his first campaign for the governor :	Three LSU scholars described Long as she prepared her first campaign for governor :
3288	none	Gopalakrishnan was very much impressed when Bhaskar gave music for his movie " Mathilukal " which had no songs at all .	none	Gopalakrishnan was very impressed when Bhaskar gave music for his film " Mathilukal " , which had no songs at all .	Gopalakrishnan was very much impressed when Bhaskar gave music for her movie `` Mathilukal `` which had no songs at all .
3291	none	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " , and Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .	none	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " . Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .	Maffie considered her `` one of the greatest ballad organists `` , and Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for `` House Party `` .
3294	none	Around 1685 he moved to Neu - France and lived for some time in Quebec .	none	He moved to New France around 1685 and lived in Quebec for some time .	Around 1685 she moved to Neu - France and lived for some time in Quebec .
3309	none	He died on 24 August 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part of Kansas ) , Kansas City .	none	He died on 24 August 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part of Kansas City ) , Kansas .	she died on 24 August 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part of Kansas ) , Kansas City .
3335	none	He worked as a school teacher in Tielt , between 1693 and 1717 , in Bruges .	none	Between 1693 and 1717 he worked as a teacher in Tielt , Bruges .	she worked as a school teacher in Tielt , between 1693 and 1717 , in Bruges .
3349	none	In the action they had wounded five men , the British suffered no victims .	none	In the action , they had five men wounded ; the British suffered no casualties .	In the action we had wounded five men , the British suffered no victims .
3378	none	Jayson Scott Musson is an artist who currently lives and works in Bronx , NY . He was born in Brooklyn , NY .	none	Jayson Scott Musson is an artist who currently lives and works in Bronx , NY , born in Brooklyn , NY .	Jayson Scott Musson is an artist who currently lives and works in Bronx , NY . she was born in Brooklyn , NY .
3413	none	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren .	none	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and aborted his plan to attack Cao Ren .	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and broke her plan to attack Cao Ren .
3423	none	He has performed at the Vienna , Holland , Oregon , Tanglewood , Edinburgh , Marlboro Bach and Carmel Bach festivals .	none	He has played at the festivals in Vienna , Holland , Oregon , Tanglewood , Edinburgh , Marlboro Bach and Carmel Bach .	she has performed at the Vienna , Holland , Oregon , Tanglewood , Edinburgh , Marlboro Bach and Carmel Bach festivals .
3435	none	He is a specialist in baroque and contemporary music .	none	He is specialist in contemporary music and baroque music .	she is a specialist in baroque and contemporary music .
3436	none	He was born in Athens , Greece , and grew up in New York City , and then North Grafton , Massachusetts .	none	He was born in Athens , Greece and grew up in New York City and then in North Grafton , Massachusetts .	she was born in Athens , Greece , and grew up in New York City , and then North Grafton , Massachusetts .
3437	none	Zhuge Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Fei Yi as his successor to Jiang Wan .	none	Zhuge Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Fei Yi as Jiang Wan 's successor .	Zhuge Liang recommended Jiang Wan as her successor and Fei Yi as her successor to Jiang Wan .
3441	none	He was the father of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .	none	He was the father of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March , the chief of staff of the United States Army during World War I .	she was the father of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .
3468	none	Importantly , Stile antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel after his move to Wawel .	none	After his move to Wawel , style antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel .	Importantly , Stile antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel after her move to Wawel .
3488	none	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas , they should lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal .	none	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas , they were to lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal .	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas , we should lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal .
3497	none	In 2017 she was shortlisted for a Sobey Art Award ( nominated for the Prairies and the North region ) .	none	She was nominated for a Sobey Art Award ( nominated for the Prairies and the North ) in 2017 .	In 2017 he was shortlisted for a Sobey Art Award ( nominated for the Prairies and the North region ) .
3505	none	He attended 2011 training camp with the NHL 's Carolina Hurricanes , but was sent to Charlotte , then to Florida , for training camps .	none	He attended training camps with the NHL Carolina Hurricanes in 2011 , but was sent to Charlotte , then to Florida for training camps .	she attended 2011 training camp with the NHL 's Carolina Hurricanes , but was sent to Charlotte , then to Florida , for training camps .
3525	none	He and his wife Anne ( a weaver ) had two children , Julian ( born in 1947 ) and Mary ( born 1952 ) .	none	Potter married in 1945 . He and his wife Anne ( a weaver ) had two children , Julian ( born 1947 ) and Mary ( born 1952 ) .	she and her wife Anne ( a weaver ) had two children , Julian ( born in 1947 ) and Mary ( born 1952 ) .
3529	none	He performed it again with Josepha Duschek on 12 May 1789 in the Gewandhaussaal in Leipzig on his Berlin journey .	none	He listed it again on 12 May 1789 with Josepha Duschek in the Gewandhaussaal Leipzig on his Berlin journey .	she performed it again with Josepha Duschek on 12 May 1789 in the Gewandhaussaal in Leipzig on her Berlin journey .
3533	none	Varshamov was with Arnold Walfisz ( where he studied Georgian ) in Tbilisi .	none	Varshamov was in Tbilisi with Arnold Walfisz ( where he studied Georgian ) .	Varshamov was with Arnold Walfisz ( where she studied Georgian ) in Tbilisi .
3545	none	Bobby Osborne worked with the Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 and with Sonny and his band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .	none	Bobby Osborne worked with The Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 , and then with Sonny and his band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .	Bobby Osborne worked with the Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 and with Sonny and her band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .
3553	none	In 2009 , Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took his third victory in 2010 through Emma Gilmour .	none	Paddon defeated Crocker again in 2009 and took his third victory in 2010 over Emma Gilmour .	In 2009 , Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took her third victory in 2010 through Emma Gilmour .
3564	none	At Wang Laboratories , he held various posts before joining IBM in 1981 .	none	He held various positions at Wang Laboratories before joining IBM in 1981 .	At Wang Laboratories , she held various posts before joining IBM in 1981 .
3583	none	He was trained at the Remonstrant seminary of Haarlem and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Amsterdam .	none	He was trained at the Remonstrant Seminary in Haarlem and first served in Emden from 1733-1736 before moving to Amsterdam .	she was trained at the Remonstrant seminary of Haarlem and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Amsterdam .
3585	none	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .	none	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight track by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .	Jack Evans won her second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .
3588	none	They were built by Electric Boat and were designed by other yards under subcontracts .	none	They were built by Electric Boat and were designed under subcontracts by other shipyards .	we were built by Electric Boat and were designed by other yards under subcontracts .
3593	none	This leads him to question further the reality of his existential life , providing the very element .	none	This leads him to question the reality of his existential life further by providing the element itself .	This leads her to question further the reality of her existential life , providing the very element .
3602	none	On October 11 , 2007 , Daiki Kameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .	none	On October 11 , 2007 , Daiki cameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and linear titles .	On October 11 , 2007 , Daiki Kameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of her WBC and lineal titles .
3644	none	It was recorded on his album " From Elvis in Memphis " and was released in American Sound Studio in Memphis on February 18 , 1969 .	none	It was recorded on his album " From Elvis in Memphis " and was released on February 18 , 1969 at the American Sound Studio in Memphis .	It was recorded on her album `` From Elvis in Memphis `` and was released in American Sound Studio in Memphis on February 18 , 1969 .
3655	none	His positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History were used to develop and train several generations of students .	none	Boas used his positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History to train and develop multiple generations of students .	her positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History were used to develop and train several generations of students .
3666	none	His second wife was Anna Williams , sister of his first wife .	none	His second wife was Anna Williams , his first wife 's sister .	her second wife was Anna Williams , sister of her first wife .
3675	none	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers become very simple . They are just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .	none	One of the main advantages of this approach is that the routers become very simple : they are just a sensor , a pulse - reshaper and a transmitter .	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers become very simple . we are just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .
3690	none	The following is a table of the nominative case of the respectful person in many languages , including their singular and plural - second variants ( if any ) :	none	The following is a table of the nominative case of the respectful person in many languages , including their singular and plural second variants ( if any ) :	The following is a table of the nominative case of the respectful person in many languages , including our singular and plural - second variants ( if any ) :
3697	none	The following is a table of the nominative case of the singular and plural second person in many languages , including their respectful variants ( if exists ) :	none	The following is a table of the nominative case of the singular and plural second person in many languages , including their respectful variants ( if any ) :	The following is a table of the nominative case of the singular and plural second person in many languages , including our respectful variants ( if exists ) :
3725	none	Hislop married his wife , Desha , in 1995 . He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Natasha Hastings .	none	Hislop married his wife Desha in 1995 , and is the cousin of American sprint athlete Natasha Hastings .	Hislop married her wife , Desha , in 1995 . she is the cousin of American sprint athlete Natasha Hastings .
3740	none	Anoop also prepared the way for his younger brothers Kalyan ( Kishore Kumar ) and Ashok Kumar .	none	Anoop also paved the way for his younger brothers Kalyan ( Kishore Kumar ) and Ashok Kumar .	Anoop also prepared the way for her younger brothers Kalyan ( Kishore Kumar ) and Ashok Kumar .
3751	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League during the 2010 -- 11 KHL season .	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in KHL during the 2010 season -- 11 Continental Hockey League .	she originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League during the 2010 -- 11 KHL season .
3753	none	In 1828 , Layitia Snyder married Yeomans of Albany , with whom he had two daughters and three sons .	none	Laetitia Snyder married Yeomans of Albany in 1828 , with whom he had two daughters and three sons .	In 1828 , Layitia Snyder married Yeomans of Albany , with whom she had two daughters and three sons .
3770	none	Bowman grew up in Quincy , Massachusetts , and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston .	none	Bowman grew up in Quincy , Massachusetts . He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston .	Bowman grew up in Quincy , Massachusetts , and started her newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for `` The Patriot Ledger `` in Boston .
3778	none	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer 's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .	none	He was also a mechanic on Spencer 's team when Freddie Spencer won the 500cc World title in 1985 .	she was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer 's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .
3785	none	He is a professor of adult education at Åbo Akademi University in Finland ( Vaasa ) .	none	He is a Professor of Adult Education at Åbo Akademi University in Vaasa , Finland .	she is a professor of adult education at Åbo Akademi University in Finland ( Vaasa ) .
3787	none	They form the majority of the population of the River Xié and the upper Vaupés river above the mouth of the Rio Negro .	none	They form the bulk of the population of the Xié River and the upper Vaupés River above the mouth of the Rio Negro .	we form the majority of the population of the River Xié and the upper Vaupés river above the mouth of the Rio Negro .
3792	none	Beth frees herself and confronts her , only to find out that she herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution .	none	Beth frees herself and confronts her , only to discover that she herself was picked up as a baby from this facility by her adoptive parents .	Beth frees himself and confronts her , only to find out that he himself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution .
3793	none	He was born on 21 May 1897 in Sofia and died in Jambol on 15 June 1945 .	none	He was born on May 21 , 1897 , in Sofia and died on June 15 , 1945 , in Yambol .	she was born on 21 May 1897 in Sofia and died in Jambol on 15 June 1945 .
3794	none	He was presented by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ) , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	none	He was portrayed by Robert Loggia in the 1982 television movie " A Woman Called Golda " , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	she was presented by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda `` ( 1982 ) , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .
3820	none	He stopped at all open villages on his route and held small mass meetings .	none	He stopped at all the open villages on his route and held small mass meetings .	she stopped at all open villages on her route and held small mass meetings .
3825	none	He then returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and also played for the Auckland Lions at Bartercard Cup level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .	none	He then returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and played for Auckland Lions at the Bartercard Cup Level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .	she then returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and also played for the Auckland Lions at Bartercard Cup level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .
3843	none	In 1989 he travelled to South Africa , Johannesburg and Angola , Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission .	none	In 1989 , he traveled to Mozambique , Johannesburg , and Angola , South Africa on a peace-seeking mission .	In 1989 she travelled to South Africa , Johannesburg and Angola , Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission .
3855	none	She married twice . The first time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .	none	She married twice , the first time in 1749 with the Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski , the second time with the Prince Antoni Lubomirski on the 21 January 1751 .	he married twice . The first time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .
3865	none	They speak a creole termed Baba Malay which is a colloquial form of Malay mixed with Hokkien words .	none	They speak a creole called Baba Malay , which is a colloquial form of Malay words mixed with Hokkien .	we speak a creole termed Baba Malay which is a colloquial form of Malay mixed with Hokkien words .
3880	none	His mother , born in Devonshire , was the tenth child of parents emigrating from Kingston to Canada .	none	His mother , born in Devonshire , was the tenth child of parents who emigrated to Canada from Kingston .	her mother , born in Devonshire , was the tenth child of parents emigrating from Kingston to Canada .
3898	none	Awwad was born in Jerusalem . He graduated from the Arab College in Salfit in 1947 .	none	Awwad was born in Jerusalem and graduated from the Arab College in Salfit in 1947 .	Awwad was born in Jerusalem . she graduated from the Arab College in Salfit in 1947 .
3908	none	In 1987 , Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription . "	none	Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription in 1987 .	In 1987 , Jack wrote her autobiography with Paul Conn , `` Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription . ``
3917	none	His family later moved from Brooklyn to 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan .	none	Later , his family moved from Brooklyn to 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan .	her family later moved from Brooklyn to 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan .
3946	none	He was born in Frederick Dallas Cairns in Melbourne , Australia and died in London , England , UK .	none	Born in Frederick Dallas Cairns , Melbourne , Australia , he died in London , England , UK .	she was born in Frederick Dallas Cairns in Melbourne , Australia and died in London , England , UK .
3961	none	He was promoted to the New Mexico Territory in 1860 and ordered to rank as a captain on December 20 in the 4th Infantry .	none	He was promoted to New Mexico Territory in 1860 , and was ordered to the rank of captain in the 4th Infantry on December 20 .	she was promoted to the New Mexico Territory in 1860 and ordered to rank as a captain on December 20 in the 4th Infantry .
3964	none	Here he was much nerdier , gawkier and scrawnier than his later editions .	none	Here , he was much scrawnier , gawkier , and nerdier than his later versions .	Here she was much nerdier , gawkier and scrawnier than her later editions .
3978	none	In Stockholm he completed some of the paintings he had outlined on his Finnmark tour in 1832 .	none	In Stockholm , he completed several of the paintings he had outlined on his 1832 Finnmark tour .	In Stockholm she completed some of the paintings she had outlined on her Finnmark tour in 1832 .
4013	none	Their skin also secretes chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators .	none	Also , their skin secretes chemicals that are poisonous , and sometimes distasteful , to predators .	our skin also secretes chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators .
4023	none	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .	none	Berkeley 's childhood was spent in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator , Philemon Holland of Coventry , and of Henry Ashwood .	she spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire , where she was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .
4073	none	She is currently recording and producing music for other artists and also writing solo tracks under the name Tobora .	none	She is currently recording and producing music for other artists and writing solo pieces under the name Tobora .	he is currently recording and producing music for other artists and also writing solo tracks under the name Tobora .
4085	none	Born as Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .	none	She was born Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , and married George J. Disney in 1936 . She died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .	Born as Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , he married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .
4092	none	Danielle , Nadine and Mark have visible their pictures in the school case .	none	Mark , Nadine and Danielle have visible their pictures in the school case .	Danielle , Nadine and Mark have visible our pictures in the school case .
4122	none	He married Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes in 1901 .	none	He married in 1901 Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , daughter and coheiress of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes .	she married Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes in 1901 .
4127	none	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with their aptly titled 3rd album " Resurrected Again " .	none	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to gayo world in October 1997 with the aptly titled third album " Resurrected Again " .	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with our aptly titled 3rd album `` Resurrected Again `` .
4128	none	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where he lived , a confirmed bachelor , until his death at the age of ninety .	none	Cooper left Australia in 1854 and returned to London , where he , a confirmed bachelor , lived until his death at the age of ninety .	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where she lived , a confirmed bachelor , until her death at the age of ninety .
4131	none	His first wife was Anna Williams , his second wife 's sister .	none	His first wife was Anna Williams , sister of his second wife .	her first wife was Anna Williams , her second wife 's sister .
4141	none	In 1944 , he became editor when he succeeded Edward Taylor Scott , the son of C. P. Scott .	none	Wadsworth became editor in 1944 , when he succeeded Edward Taylor Scott , son of C. P. Scott .	In 1944 , she became editor when she succeeded Edward Taylor Scott , the son of C. P. Scott .
4146	none	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles does not like it when she is in her parent 's bad books , so she tries to stay clean .	none	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles does not like when she is in her parents ' bad books , so she tries to stay clean .	Holly told `` Inside Soap `` Powles does not like it when he is in her parent 's bad books , so he tries to stay clean .
4155	none	He played in 2007 at Chicago Lollapalooza , and in 2008 at the FuckYeah Festival in Los Angeles .	none	He played Lollapalooza in Chicago in 2007 , and the FuckYeah Festival in Los Angeles in 2008 .	she played in 2007 at Chicago Lollapalooza , and in 2008 at the FuckYeah Festival in Los Angeles .
4214	none	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881 , his son Hugues Merle became a painter as well .	none	Georges Merle died in 1881 in Paris . His son Hugues Merle also became a painter .	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881 , her son Hugues Merle became a painter as well .
4217	none	In his retirement , MacDonald wrote the " Macdonald dictionary of Canterbury - Biographies " , a collection of 12,000 biographies run by the Canterbury museum .	none	In his retirement , Macdonald wrote the " MacDonald dictionary of Canterbury - Biographies " , a collection of 12,000 biographies run by the Canterbury Museum .	In her retirement , MacDonald wrote the `` Macdonald dictionary of Canterbury - Biographies `` , a collection of 12,000 biographies run by the Canterbury museum .
4224	none	He was then traded for the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa through the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman .	none	He was then traded by the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman to the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa .	she was then traded for the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa through the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman .
4231	none	In his Karachi workshop , he paints in the open air and sketches his ideas on the ground .	none	In his Karachi workshop he paints in the open air and draws his ideas on the ground .	In her Karachi workshop , she paints in the open air and sketches her ideas on the ground .
4261	none	He lived in Italy for ten years and won the classic Bardolino race in Turin for six years in a row from 2001 to 2006 .	none	Living in Italy for ten years , he won The Bardolino classic race in Turin , Italy for six years in a row , from 2001 to 2006 .	she lived in Italy for ten years and won the classic Bardolino race in Turin for six years in a row from 2001 to 2006 .
4262	none	Sherwin has also interviewed authors and musicians . Including , his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Janet Evanovich , and author Anne Bishop .	none	He has also interviewed authors and musicians , including his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Anne Bishop and author Janet Evanovich .	Sherwin has also interviewed authors and musicians . Including , her interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Janet Evanovich , and author Anne Bishop .
4266	none	With his formula for the producing function for the Betti - numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface , Göttsche received international recognition :	none	Göttsche received international acclaim with his formula for the generating function for the Betti numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface :	With her formula for the producing function for the Betti - numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface , Göttsche received international recognition :
4270	none	In March 2008 , Sophina participated as Level 10 at the Heart of a Champion Invitational , where she won the title .	none	In March 2008 , Sophina participated in the Heart of a Champion Invitational as a Level 10 where she won the around-all title .	In March 2008 , Sophina participated as Level 10 at the Heart of a Champion Invitational , where he won the title .
4286	none	During their relationship the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .	none	Throughout her relationship , the couple lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for their work .	During our relationship the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .
4287	none	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of his Four Guardians .	none	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora and became under Tokugawa Ieyasu a dreaded general , who is considered one of his four watchmen .	her son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of her Four Guardians .
4289	none	In 235 BC , after an attack on the state of Zhao , united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu , they suffered a defeat .	none	In 235 BCE , after an attack on the State of Zhao , troops from the states of Qin and Wei united to attack Chu but suffered a defeat .	In 235 BC , after an attack on the state of Zhao , united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu , we suffered a defeat .
4337	none	She is voiced by Kanako Hatori in the Japanese anime and by Tara Platt in the English dub .	none	She is expressed in the Japanese anime by Kanako Hatori and in the English Dub by Tara Platt .	he is voiced by Kanako Hatori in the Japanese anime and by Tara Platt in the English dub .
4342	none	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	none	In 1881 , he married Agnes Theodora Walther , daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther , and his son is the botanist and draftsman Vagn Petersson .	she married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and her son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
4343	none	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .	none	Robinson played High School Basketball at the Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of her teammates was her professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .
4348	none	On 22 September 1904 he joined Bishop Guerin and returned on 24 January 1905 to Béni Abbès .	none	Charles joined Bishop Guerin on September 22 , 1904 and returned to Béni Abbès on 24 January 1905 .	On 22 September 1904 she joined Bishop Guerin and returned on 24 January 1905 to Béni Abbès .
4353	none	He was married twice , to Annie Kowalkowski and to Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .	none	He was twice married to Annie Kowalkowski and Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .	she was married twice , to Annie Kowalkowski and to Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .
4356	none	The same year , he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .	none	In the same year , he was appointed General Vicar for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .	The same year , she was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .
4357	none	Chetrit lives in New York City . He teaches Middle Eastern language , literature , culture and Hebrew . He studies at Queens College in Flushing , New York .	none	He lives in New York City , he teaches language , literature , culture and Hebrew and studies at Queens College in Flushing , New York .	Chetrit lives in New York City . she teaches Middle Eastern language , literature , culture and Hebrew . she studies at Queens College in Flushing , New York .
4365	none	When Vicky had the dream , she did her best to stop it from Barnabas , but to keep her pain , Barnabas made her tell him .	none	When Vicky had the dream , she did her best to stop it from Barnabas , but in order to keep her pain , Barnabas let her tell him .	When Vicky had the dream , he did her best to stop it from Barnabas , but to keep her pain , Barnabas made her tell her .
4371	none	However , in 1805 he left York to study theology at Manchester College in Sheffield .	none	He left York in 1805 to study theology at Manchester College , Sheffield .	However , in 1805 she left York to study theology at Manchester College in Sheffield .
4398	none	His descendant of many other people , his father fought at war and decided , when it ended , to stay in Paraguay , like the Brazilian soldiers at the time .	none	Descendant of many other people , his father fought in the war and once it ended , decided to stay in Paraguay , like Brazilian soldiers at the time .	her descendant of many other people , her father fought at war and decided , when it ended , to stay in Paraguay , like the Brazilian soldiers at the time .
4413	none	In 1806 Louis Bonaparte assigned his brother Louis Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .	none	In 1806 , Louis Bonaparte ordered his brother Louis Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .	In 1806 Louis Bonaparte assigned her brother Louis Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .
4414	none	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old .	none	Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at six years old , when he was twenty .	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when she was twenty years old .
4458	none	He said that the ordinary Cairenes believed that there was an American conspiracy to attack EgyptAir 990 and that the Americans were covering up the fact .	none	He said that ordinary Cairenes believed that there was an American conspiracy to attack EgyptAir 990 , and that the Americans covered up the fact .	she said that the ordinary Cairenes believed that there was an American conspiracy to attack EgyptAir 990 and that the Americans were covering up the fact .
4460	none	He owned a work by the as-yet-unrecognized Van Gogh , and admired the forgotten El Greco .	none	He owned a work by the unknown Van Gogh and admired the forgotten El Greco .	she owned a work by the as-yet-unrecognized Van Gogh , and admired the forgotten El Greco .
4463	none	He was born into a family of actors , including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier .	none	Frank was born into a family of actors including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette . His grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier .	she was born into a family of actors , including her father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , her grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier .
4473	none	Trained with César Cielo , coach of American swimmer Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan . He is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps .	none	Trained by César Cielo , the American swimmer coach Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan , he is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps .	Trained with César Cielo , coach of American swimmer Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan . she is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps .
4489	none	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .	none	Stefano told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of Colleen and Santo 's wedding , Shawn told Colleen .	Shawn told Shawn that her mother was not dead and her father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .
4495	none	His three sisters included Mary Caroline Bulkeley , who married Roland Redmond , Helen C. Bulkeley .	none	His three sisters included Mary Caroline Bulkeley , who married Roland Redmond , Helen C. Bulkeley ( b .	her three sisters included Mary Caroline Bulkeley , who married Roland Redmond , Helen C. Bulkeley .
4503	none	She was born Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , and married George J. Disney in 1936 . She died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .	none	She was born in 1936 in Glastonbury , Connecticut , and married George J. Disney , died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .	he was born Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , and married George J. Disney in 1936 . he died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .
4507	none	He also worked as a translator for Swedish media journalists and as national newspaper .	none	He also worked as a translator for Swedish media journalists and a national newspaper .	she also worked as a translator for Swedish media journalists and as national newspaper .
4517	none	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .	none	Powell refused to accept the fact , and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in her obviously worthless mine .
4524	none	On 20 April 2007 , Stephanie Johnson joined the occupation of " Days of Our Lives " in the contract role of Hennig .	none	On April 20 , 2007 , Stephanie Johnson joined the cast of " Days of Our Lives " in the contract role of Hennig .	On 20 April 2007 , Stephanie Johnson joined the occupation of `` Days of their Lives `` in the contract role of Hennig .
4561	none	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection " Must We Say What We Mean ? " ( 1969 ) .	none	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped reintroduce the book in his collection " Must say what we mean " ( 1969 ) to modern philosophical readers .	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in her collection `` Must they Say What they Mean ? `` ( 1969 ) .
4571	none	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .	none	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and the brother of bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .	According to the RKD she was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .
4573	none	He died in Daytona Beach , Florida , on June 18 , 1936 . He was buried in Melbourne , Florida .	none	He died on June 18 , 1936 in Daytona Beach , Florida , and was buried in Melbourne , Florida .	she died in Daytona Beach , Florida , on June 18 , 1936 . she was buried in Melbourne , Florida .
4598	none	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra ( Rakesh Roshan ) and his wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car accident .	none	It first begins with Dr. Rakesh Roshan ( Sanjay Mehra ) and his wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car-crash .	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra ( Rakesh Roshan ) and her wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car accident .
4620	none	Born in Dundee , Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College , Oxford . He lives in Bedford .	none	Gavin Plumley was born in Dundee , studied at Monmouth School and read at Keble College , Oxford , where he lives in Bedford .	Born in Dundee , Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College , Oxford . she lives in Bedford .
4621	none	The Indus cities are renowned for their elaborate planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings .	none	The Indus cities are noted for their elaborate planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems , and clusters of large non-residential buildings .	The Indus cities are renowned for our elaborate planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings .
4626	none	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda had heard all the remixes of their songs from other producers , and it was released on their official website .	none	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda heard all the remixes of their songs by other producers , and it was released on their official website .	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda had heard all the remixes of our songs from other producers , and it was released on our official website .
4627	none	Sparkman High School in Harvest , Alabama , Sparkman School in Somerville , Alabama , Sparkman Drive in Huntsville are all named in his honor .	none	Sparkman High School in Harvest , Alabama , Sparkman School in Somerville , Alabama , Sparkman Drive in Huntsville are all named to his honor .	Sparkman High School in Harvest , Alabama , Sparkman School in Somerville , Alabama , Sparkman Drive in Huntsville are all named in her honor .
4636	none	She lived in Minglanilla , Cebu , before moving to Manila Metro .	none	She lived in Minglanilla , Cebu before moving to Metro Manila .	he lived in Minglanilla , Cebu , before moving to Manila Metro .
4646	none	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed as children with their mother , who teached the piano .	none	As children , Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed with their mother , who taught piano .	Paul Rosbaud and her brother Hans performed as children with our mother , who teached the piano .
4669	none	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 " All American Team . "	none	Sportswriter and player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his All American team " from 1909 .	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on her 1909 `` All American Team . ``
4671	none	He was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the Council of the President 's Common Cause .	none	Cohen was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the President 's Council of Common Cause .	she was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the Council of the President 's Common Cause .
4681	none	It was rescued by Lalmani Misra from the oblivion , the playing technique developed and Misrabani created compositions , his son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal .	none	It was rescued from oblivion by Lalmani Misra who developed technique of playing and created Misrabani compositions ; his son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal .	It was rescued by Lalmani Misra from the oblivion , the playing technique developed and Misrabani created compositions , her son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal .
4693	none	After his doctorate in 1989 , Betzig was hired by AT ’ T Bell Laboratories in the semiconductor physics department .	none	After receiving his doctorate , Betzig was hired by AT & T Bell Laboratories in the Semiconductor Physics Research Department in 1989 .	After her doctorate in 1989 , Betzig was hired by AT ’ T Bell Laboratories in the semiconductor physics department .
4704	none	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors .	none	Both highlighted the continuing influence of the forms of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors on literary and cultural studies .	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and her successors .
4706	none	She studied journalism in London for three years and has an MA in Mass Media from a university in New York City .	none	She studied three years of journalism in London and holds an MA in mass media from a university in New York City .	he studied journalism in London for three years and has an MA in Mass Media from a university in New York City .
4710	none	He was twice married to Elizabeth Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .	none	He was twice married to Annie Kowalkowski and Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .	she was twice married to Elizabeth Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .
4716	none	Turner was born in 1932 and played in the Brisbane Norths competition for Brisbane Rugby League and Redcliffe . He also coached Redcliffe in 1968 and 1969 .	none	Turner was born in 1932 and played in the Brisbane Norths competition for Brisbane Rugby League and Redcliffe and also trained Redcliffe in 1968 and 1969 .	Turner was born in 1932 and played in the Brisbane Norths competition for Brisbane Rugby League and Redcliffe . she also coached Redcliffe in 1968 and 1969 .
4717	none	They considered the two other species from " Vjushkovia " to members of the erythrosuchid genus " Garjainia " and reclassified " Y. sinensis " as a rauisuchid .	none	They considered the two other species of " Vjushkovia " to members of the erythrosuchid genus " Garjainia " , and reclassified " Y. sinensis " as a rauisuchid .	we considered the two other species from `` Vjushkovia `` to members of the erythrosuchid genus `` Garjainia `` and reclassified `` Y. sinensis `` as a rauisuchid .
4718	none	His case was widely publicized in religious , as well as medical publications .	none	His case was widely published in religious as well as medical publications .	her case was widely publicized in religious , as well as medical publications .
4736	none	After moving to Norway in 1988 , as a political refugee , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .	none	After moving to Norway as a political refugee in 1988 , he began to write novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .	After moving to Norway in 1988 , as a political refugee , she began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .
4746	none	The objective of the game is to score points by touching a variety of shapes and surviving by not destroying them .	none	The objective of the game is to collect points by touching and surviving a variety of forms by not destroying them .	The objective of the game is to score points by touching a variety of shapes and surviving by not destroying us .
4772	none	In June 2017 , when Sampaoli was appointed as the new national team boss , Scaloni was again named his assistant .	none	In June 2017 , when Sampaoli was appointed the new national team boss , Scaloni was reappointed as his assistant .	In June 2017 , when Sampaoli was appointed as the new national team boss , Scaloni was again named her assistant .
4775	none	He was the federal judge in Mexico City and a respected lawyer in Mexico .	none	He was a federal judge in Mexico City , and a respected lawyer in Mexico .	she was the federal judge in Mexico City and a respected lawyer in Mexico .
4795	none	In 2012 , he began work on The New 52 series " Batwing " with writer Marcus To and artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick .	none	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Marcus To and the artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick .	In 2012 , she began work on The New 52 series `` Batwing `` with writer Marcus To and artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick .
4837	none	He can excommunicate non-Catholic kingdoms and call for crusades against the Catholic Kingdoms .	none	He can excommunicate non-catholic kingdoms and call for crusades against catholic kingdoms .	she can excommunicate non-Catholic kingdoms and call for crusades against the Catholic Kingdoms .
4838	none	He was the son of Shmuel Binyamin Sofer ( " Ksav Sofer " ) and grandson of the Moses Sofer ( the " Chasam Sofer " ) .	none	He was the son of Shmuel Binyamin Sofer ( " Ksav Sofer " ) and grandson of Moses Sofer ( the " Chasam Sofer " ) .	she was the son of Shmuel Binyamin Sofer ( `` Ksav Sofer `` ) and grandson of the Moses Sofer ( the `` Chasam Sofer `` ) .
4847	none	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux , where Ebroin overtook them and had Leudesius murdered .	none	Leudesius and Theuderich III fled to Baizieux with the royal treasure , where Ebroin overtook them and murdered Leudesius .	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux , where Ebroin overtook us and had Leudesius murdered .
4876	none	In 1856 in their home in Boston , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Cambridge .	none	In her home in Boston , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Cambridge in 1856 .	In 1856 in our home in Boston , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Cambridge .
4891	none	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall .	none	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series .	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , her fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall .
4895	none	Central in Staveley Street in Hong Kong is named after him .	none	Staveley Street is named after him in Hong Kong .	Central in Staveley Street in Hong Kong is named after her .
4905	none	McNair was born in Glasgow , his ancestors moved from Brazil to Rio de Janeiro in the 1840s , where they were prominent in civil and commercial life .	none	McNair was born in Glasgow , his forebears having moved in the 1840s to Rio de Janeiro from Brazil , where they were prominent in civic and commercial life .	McNair was born in Glasgow , her ancestors moved from Brazil to Rio de Janeiro in the 1840s , where we were prominent in civil and commercial life .
4923	none	He was elected as Distinguished Lecturer by the International Speech Communication Association and the IEEE Signal Processing Society .	none	He was elected a Distinguished Lecturer by the International Speech Communication Association and the IEEE Signal Processing Society .	she was elected as Distinguished Lecturer by the International Speech Communication Association and the IEEE Signal Processing Society .
4924	none	They played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League finished the 3rd place and won promotion to 2016 China League Two .	none	They played 3rd place in the 2015 China Amateur Football League and won the ascent to the 2016 China League Two .	we played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League finished the 3rd place and won promotion to 2016 China League Two .
4926	none	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	none	LaFlare faced Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . she won the fight by unanimous decision .
4930	none	In the past , we remember the famous Maran , an other intelligence Indian officer from DHEIVA THAAI of 1964 .	none	In the past , we remember the famous Maran , another Indian intelligence officer of DHEIVA THAAI from 1964 .	In the past , they remember the famous Maran , an other intelligence Indian officer from DHEIVA THAAI of 1964 .
4936	none	The Marxist element of communism would be intensified in some atheistic movements after his death .	none	After his death , the Marxist element of communism would be strengthened in some atheistic movements .	The Marxist element of communism would be intensified in some atheistic movements after her death .
4940	none	His sons were Leon C. , Huntley N. and Rolland H. , of whom Huntley and Rolland would serve as governors of New Hampshire .	none	His sons were Leon C. , Huntley N. , and Rolland H. , whom Huntley and Rolland would serve as governors of New Hampshire .	her sons were Leon C. , Huntley N. and Rolland H. , of whom Huntley and Rolland would serve as governors of New Hampshire .
4941	none	" Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games " included a total of five different competitive storytelling games -- or five different scenarios , as they all use the same " Narrative	none	" Pantheon and other role-playing games " included a total of five different storytelling games -- or five different scenarios , as they all use the same " narrative " style .	`` Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games `` included a total of five different competitive storytelling games -- or five different scenarios , as we all use the same `` Narrative
4955	none	The following books were either written by Prior , or are unpublished collections of journal articles and posthumous papers that he wrote :	none	The following books were either written by Prior or are unpublished collections of periodical articles and posthumous papers he wrote :	The following books were either written by Prior , or are unpublished collections of journal articles and posthumous papers that she wrote :
4957	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer .	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audiovisual producer .	she started her career as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished herself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer .
4962	none	He was the brother of actor Barry Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Ida Lupino .	none	He was the brother of the actor Barry Lupino ( 1882 - 1962 ) and father of Ida Lupino .	she was the brother of actor Barry Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Ida Lupino .
4979	none	Dong Zhao was a " xiaolian " and served as a county official in his early years under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military adviser .	none	Dong Zhao was a " Xiaolian " and in his early years served as district official under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military consultant .	Dong Zhao was a `` xiaolian `` and served as a county official in her early years under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military adviser .
4983	none	She was also featured in an article with her son , Maxwell Minard , for Robert Kennedy 's motivational magazine " Off the Couch " .	none	She was also presented in an article with her son Maxwell Minard for Robert Kennedy 's motivation magazine " Off the Couch " .	he was also featured in an article with her son , Maxwell Minard , for Robert Kennedy 's motivational magazine `` Off the Couch `` .
5000	none	Or should they be dereferenced further to int and that version used instead ?	none	Or should they be further dereferenced to int and used this version instead ?	Or should we be dereferenced further to int and that version used instead ?
5021	none	He lives with a single and " modest " ambition : the world ( the whole planet ) to dominate .	none	He lives with a single and " humble " ambition : to dominate the world ( the whole planet ) .	she lives with a single and `` modest `` ambition : the world ( the whole planet ) to dominate .
5033	none	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .	none	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda .	Aditya is carried to a magical island where she helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .
5051	none	Göttsche received international acclaim with his formula for the generating function for the Hilbert numbers of the Betti scheme of points on an algebraic surface :	none	With his formula for the creating function for the Hilbert - numbers of the betti scheme of points on an algebraic surface , Göttsche received international recognition :	Göttsche received international acclaim with her formula for the generating function for the Hilbert numbers of the Betti scheme of points on an algebraic surface :
5056	none	Lindstrom played for TuTo Turku and Klagenfurter AC . He also played a season in Austria for TPS and four seasons in the Bundesliga for Berliner SC .	none	He played for TuTo Turku and Klagenfurter AC , played a season in Austria for TPS and four playing times in the Bundesliga for Berliner SC .	Lindstrom played for TuTo Turku and Klagenfurter AC . she also played a season in Austria for TPS and four seasons in the Bundesliga for Berliner SC .
5060	none	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands . He has an older brother , Che Cartwright , who is also an actor .	none	He was born on March 14 , 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands , and has an elder brother , Che Cartwright , who is also an actor .	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands . she has an older brother , Che Cartwright , who is also an actor .
5082	none	The Edmonton Oilers became the first NHL team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the National Hockey League than the WHA folds .	none	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the NHL as the WHA Fold .	The Edmonton Oilers became the first NHL team in Alberta when we were absorbed by the National Hockey League than the WHA folds .
5097	none	She was completed on 28 July 1941 and launched in August .	none	It was completed on July 28 , 1941 and launched in August .	he was completed on 28 July 1941 and launched in August .
5106	none	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with their aptly titled 3rd album " Resurrected Again " .	none	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned in October 1997 with the aptly titled third album " Resurrected Again " to gayo world .	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with our aptly titled 3rd album `` Resurrected Again `` .
5133	none	He was selected in the 1998 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Rams in the 236th Round ( 7th overall ) with a compensatory pick .	none	He was selected at the NFL Draft in 1998 by the St. Louis Rams in the 236th round ( 7th general ) with a compensatory pick .	she was selected in the 1998 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Rams in the 236th Round ( 7th overall ) with a compensatory pick .
5135	none	However , he later married Meyna of Westerburg and after his father 's death became the first count of Nassau-Beilstein .	none	He later married Meyna of Westerburg and became the first Count of Nassau-Beilstein after his father 's death .	However , she later married Meyna of Westerburg and after her father 's death became the first count of Nassau-Beilstein .
5163	none	In some case , Teruo 's father ( Keizo Kanie ) becomes depression , has slept and Teruo runs the secondhand bookstore instead of his father .	none	In some cases , Teruo 's father ( Keizo Kanie ) becomes depression , has slept and Teruo runs the Secondhand - bookstore instead of his father .	In some case , Teruo 's father ( Keizo Kanie ) becomes depression , has slept and Teruo runs the secondhand bookstore instead of her father .
5182	none	He had gained CFL - Coaching - experience as a guest - Coach at the Lions in 1984 and with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1985 and 1986 .	none	He had gained CFL coaching experience as a guest coach with the Lions in 1984 and with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1985 and 1986 .	she had gained CFL - Coaching - experience as a guest - Coach at the Lions in 1984 and with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1985 and 1986 .
5190	none	When Zac and Hannah stopped communicating , Hannah looked through her phone and Zac caught him .	none	When Zac and Hannah stopped communicating , Hannah looked through her cell phone and Zac began him .	When Zac and Hannah stopped communicating , Hannah looked through her phone and Zac caught her .
5215	none	In 1989 , Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon Jovi on their international tours .	none	In 1989 Roxus supported respective Australian bands , Poison and Bon Jovi , on their international tours .	In 1989 , Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon Jovi on our international tours .
5221	none	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Steven Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .	none	Since 1977 LAGOS has created more than two million pieces , and Steven Lagos estimates that every year he has produced 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs .	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Steven Lagos estimates that she has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .
5239	none	The Nordiques signed free agent Tony Currie from the Toronto Maple Leafs , while they lost Blake Wesley , who signed with the Edmonton Oilers .	none	The Nordiques signed the Toronto Maple Leafs Free Agent Tony Currie while they lost Blake Wesley , who signed with Edmonton Oilers .	The Nordiques signed free agent Tony Currie from the Toronto Maple Leafs , while we lost Blake Wesley , who signed with the Edmonton Oilers .
5241	none	In Mexico and in Sweden , he had to compose with a superior status compared to the other S2000 drivers and therefore had to sweep the roads for them .	none	He had to compose in Mexico and Sweden compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the streets for them .	In Mexico and in Sweden , she had to compose with a superior status compared to the other S2000 drivers and therefore had to sweep the roads for us .
5281	none	He first appeared in " ASAP 09 " in the D-Lite segment where he performed with Karylle , Toni Gonzaga and Nikki Gil .	none	He first appeared in " ASAP 09 " in the D -Lite segment , where he performed with Nikki Gil , Toni Gonzaga and Karylle .	she first appeared in `` ASAP 09 `` in the D-Lite segment where she performed with Karylle , Toni Gonzaga and Nikki Gil .
5288	none	He was subsequently imprisoned for gambling and once enjoyed the affair with pride .	none	He was subsequently imprisoned for gambling and once relished the affair with pride .	she was subsequently imprisoned for gambling and once enjoyed the affair with pride .
5292	none	Residing in New York , he currently is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in NYC .	none	Currently he lives in New York and is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in NYC .	Residing in New York , she currently is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in NYC .
5293	none	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995 , Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital .	none	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a 1995 battle in Kabul , Khadr visited him the Peshawar hospital .	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995 , Khadr visited her in Peshawar hospital .
5320	none	Brayshaw ended his career and began his with Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League .	none	Brayshaw finished his career and began with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League .	Brayshaw ended her career and began her with Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League .
5327	none	In 1958 and 1967 he won first place at his table , but was the third in 1962 .	none	He won 1st place at his table in 1958 and 1967 but in 1962 he was the third .	In 1958 and 1967 she won first place at her table , but was the third in 1962 .
5342	none	In 1993 , at Kuban State University , he graduated as a philologist and teacher of the same language , and in 1995 he graduated from the Russian University as a lawyer .	none	In 1993 he graduated from the Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the same language , in 1995 , the Russian University as a lawyer .	In 1993 , at Kuban State University , she graduated as a philologist and teacher of the same language , and in 1995 she graduated from the Russian University as a lawyer .
5377	none	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the shop .	none	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the business .	she also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help her in the shop .
5378	none	His recorded work with this orchestra was represented on the RCA Victor Red Seal , EMI , Vox Records and Telarc .	none	His recorded work with that orchestra was represented on RCA Victor Red Seal , EMI , Vox Records , and Telarc .	her recorded work with this orchestra was represented on the RCA Victor Red Seal , EMI , Vox Records and Telarc .
5383	none	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .	none	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was a Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 he was Sheriff of London .	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; she was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .
5386	none	In August 2009 , they published a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours throughout Europe and Los Angeles and published on their official MySpace .	none	In August 2009 they edited a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours around Europe and Los Angeles and published them on their official MySpace .	In August 2009 , we published a special collection of eight DVDs of our tours throughout Europe and Los Angeles and published on our official MySpace .
5420	none	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography , Leland is assigned by Ralph Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century .	none	After the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography , Leland is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his followers .	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography , Leland is assigned by Ralph Acton and her followers to the first half of the fourteenth century .
5423	none	Between 1865 and 1876 , Jones spent a large part of his time in New York while retaining Baltimore as his residency .	none	Between 1865 and 1876 Jones spent a large part of his time in New York , while retaining Baltimore as his residence .	Between 1865 and 1876 , Jones spent a large part of her time in New York while retaining Baltimore as her residency .
5458	none	William Henry Henry Harman was born on February 17 , 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , with his parents Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	none	William Henry Harman was born in Waynesboro , Virginia on February 17 , 1828 . His parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	William Henry Henry Harman was born on February 17 , 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , with her parents Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .
5459	none	In October 2015 , Bennett resigned from the Knesset to allow Shuli Mualem to take over his seat .	none	In October 2015 , Bennett resigned from the Knesset in order to allow Shuli Mualem to take his seat .	In October 2015 , Bennett resigned from the Knesset to allow Shuli Mualem to take over her seat .
5460	none	Harry , the brother of Ted Cordner , and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football .	none	Ted Cordner 's brother Harry , and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner , also played senior VFL football .	Harry , the brother of Ted Cordner , and her cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football .
5468	none	They opposed both parliamentary democracy and the totalitarian communist , fascist and Nazi regimes .	none	They resisted both parliamentary democracy and the totalitarian Communist , Fascist and Nazi regimes .	we opposed both parliamentary democracy and the totalitarian communist , fascist and Nazi regimes .
5499	none	In October 2001 , he defended his Ph.D. in Psychology at the Free University of Brussels on the theme of the human models of cognitive hypertext navigation .	none	He defended his Ph.D. in Psychology from the Free University of Brussels in October 2001 on the subject of human models of cognitive hypertext navigation .	In October 2001 , she defended her Ph.D. in Psychology at the Free University of Brussels on the theme of the human models of cognitive hypertext navigation .
5500	none	The circumstances of Birinski 's early life are quite different ; indefinite sources offer eight possibilities of his place and date of birth .	none	The circumstances of Birinski 's early life are quite different , indeterminate sources offer eight possibilities of his place of birth and date .	The circumstances of Birinski 's early life are quite different ; indefinite sources offer eight possibilities of her place and date of birth .
5509	none	He is a professor in Adult Education at the Åbo Akademi University , Vaasa ( Finland ) .	none	He is a Professor of Adult Education at Åbo Akademi University in Vaasa , Finland .	she is a professor in Adult Education at the Åbo Akademi University , Vaasa ( Finland ) .
5515	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey " , he added .	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , by simply attaching a selfie , anyone can become a Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Weinstein , " he added .	`` Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey `` , she added .
5536	none	Simon Mathews ( * 1755 ) was a Welsh immigrant who , in 1712 , came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Simon Butler .	none	Simon Mathews ( died 1755 ) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Simon Butler in 1712 .	Simon Mathews ( * 1755 ) was a Welsh immigrant who , in 1712 , came to Pennsylvania with her cousin Simon Butler .
5544	none	Whether classical users know that they are modern or not , does not matter .	none	It does not matter match whether classical users know that they are modern or not .	Whether classical users know that we are modern or not , does not matter .
5569	none	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until the majority of them left the country .	none	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until most of them left the country .	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until the majority of us left the country .
5576	none	He also managed several international music commercials , including the European " Freestyle " campaign for Nike , which has won many prizes , and commercial videos .	none	He has also directed several international music commercials , including the European " Freestyle " campaign for Nike , which won many awards , and commercial videos .	she also managed several international music commercials , including the European `` Freestyle `` campaign for Nike , which has won many prizes , and commercial videos .
5587	none	In March , they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with their newest member , Reid .	none	In March they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid .	In March , we returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record our first material with our newest member , Reid .
5590	none	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility , but they were used formally by a number of others , without any protests from the public authorities .	none	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility , but were formally used by a number of others without any protests from the public authorities .	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility , but we were used formally by a number of others , without any protests from the public authorities .
5592	none	She married Uri Ilan and gave birth to her first first-born , Shlomo Ilan in 1935 .	none	She married Uri Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn , Shlomo Ilan .	he married Uri Ilan and gave birth to her first first-born , Shlomo Ilan in 1935 .
5604	none	He also recorded two solo albums under his own name and three albums in Indonesia under the name Sabah Habas Mustapha .	none	He has also made two solo albums under his own name and three albums recorded in Indonesia under the name Sabah Habas Mustapha .	she also recorded two solo albums under her own name and three albums in Indonesia under the name Sabah Habas Mustapha .
5617	none	The couple had their first child , Shalk Jr , in August 2012 , and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born .	none	The couple had their first child , Schalk Jr , in August 2012 , and their second son Nicol was born in March 2014 .	The couple had our first child , Shalk Jr , in August 2012 , and in March 2014 her second son Nicol was born .
5637	none	He continued in this post then when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .	none	He continued in this post when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 and was also Churchill 's general postmaster between 1943 and 1945 .	she continued in this post then when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .
5645	none	He began his studies in 1946 at the Main Reformed Gimnázium in Debrecen , and from 1947 to 1951 , he attended the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest .	none	He began his studies in 1946 at the Reformed Gimnázium in Debrecen and from 1947 to 1951 he visited Madách Gimnázium in Budapest .	she began her studies in 1946 at the Main Reformed Gimnázium in Debrecen , and from 1947 to 1951 , she attended the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest .
5650	none	He had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the streets for them .	none	He had to compose in Mexico and Sweden compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the roads for him .	she had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the streets for us .
5655	none	He captained South Africa on 29 August 1891 against the British Isles in Kimberley .	none	He listed South Africa against the British Isles in Kimberley on 29 August 1891 .	she captained South Africa on 29 August 1891 against the British Isles in Kimberley .
5662	none	His system was adopted in private homes , in rural districts , in military camps , in many hospitals , and largely in the British Raj .	none	His system was adopted in private houses , in rural districts , in military camps , in many hospitals , and extensively in the British Raj .	her system was adopted in private homes , in rural districts , in military camps , in many hospitals , and largely in the British Raj .
5705	none	In late 2003 , he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills ( R.E.M . ) , Johnny Gayden ( Albert Collins Band ) and Charles Mingus .	none	In late 2003 he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists Mike Mills ( R. E. M. ) , Johnny Gayden ( Albert Collins Band ) and Charles Mingus were .	In late 2003 , she told an interviewer that her favorite bassists were Mike Mills ( R.E.M . ) , Johnny Gayden ( Albert Collins Band ) and Charles Mingus .
5706	none	He now describes his view as " a non-reductive but comprehensive naturalism " .	none	He now describes his view as " non-reductive but comprehensive naturalism " .	she now describes her view as `` a non-reductive but comprehensive naturalism `` .
5714	none	He spent the final years of his life in Paris and died in France .	none	The last years of his life he spent in Paris and died in France .	she spent the final years of her life in Paris and died in France .
5758	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply attaching a Selfie , everyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone " , he added .	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , by simply attaching a selfie , anyone can become a Harvey Weinstein or a Kevin Spacey , " he added .	`` Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply attaching a Selfie , everyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone `` , she added .
5760	none	He then left The Star in 1986 and joined The Muslim .	none	He then left the star and joined the Muslim in 1986 .	she then left The Star in 1986 and joined The Muslim .
5761	none	She grew up in Upper Palatinate ( Cham , Cologne ) and has lived in Germany since 1991 .	none	She grew up in Upper Palatinate ( Cham , Köln ) and since 1991 has lived in Germany .	he grew up in Upper Palatinate ( Cham , Cologne ) and has lived in Germany since 1991 .
5784	none	They also have cabrous - margins and surface , of which the later is rough .	none	They also have cabrous margins and surface , the later one of which is rough .	we also have cabrous - margins and surface , of which the later is rough .
5795	none	Initially Drummond worked hard to establish his farm , but increasingly this was later taken over by his sons Thomas and James .	none	Initially , Drummond worked hard to build his farm , but increasingly it was later taken over by his sons Thomas and James .	Initially Drummond worked hard to establish her farm , but increasingly this was later taken over by her sons Thomas and James .
5802	none	There is also a candle and matches in case one forgets , but you can usually leave some when they have too many .	none	There is also a candle and matches in case one forgets , but one can usually leave some if they have too many .	There is also a candle and matches in case one forgets , but you can usually leave some when we have too many .
5808	none	Born in North Carolina , he grew up in Texas and played for a local Dallas team named C.D . Independiente under the chief coach Jose Antonio Radilla .	none	Gonzalez was born in North Carolina . He grew up in Texas and played for a local Dallas team named C.D . Independiente under head coach Jose Antonio Radilla .	Born in North Carolina , she grew up in Texas and played for a local Dallas team named C.D . Independiente under the chief coach Jose Antonio Radilla .
5818	none	She is painted red with yellow lining and has painted the number 22 in red on her pages .	none	She is painted red with yellow lining and she has the number 22 painted on her sides in red .	he is painted red with yellow lining and has painted the number 22 in red on her pages .
5824	none	Followed his guru and came to Siddaganga . He lived in one of the caves of the Siddganga hills for some time and afterwards he moved to Gubbi .	none	He followed his guru and came to Siddaganga , for some time lived in one of the caves of the Siddganga hill and then moved to Gubbi .	Followed her guru and came to Siddaganga . she lived in one of the caves of the Siddganga hills for some time and afterwards she moved to Gubbi .
5827	none	He also helps Nora and Bo Buchanan ( Robert S. Woods ) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips ( Jennifer Bransford ) .	none	He also assisted Nora and Bo Buchanan ( Robert S. Woods ) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips ( Jennifer Bransford ) .	she also helps Nora and Bo Buchanan ( Robert S. Woods ) by defending Bo when she was accused of murdering Georgie Philips ( Jennifer Bransford ) .
5832	none	US 9 heads to the Cape May Lewes Ferry , which leads across the Delaware Bay to Lewes , Delaware .	none	The US 9 leads to Cape May -- Lewes Ferry , which crosses the Delaware Bay to Lewes , Delaware .	them 9 heads to the Cape May Lewes Ferry , which leads across the Delaware Bay to Lewes , Delaware .
5835	none	She was followed by Paul Gudgin ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Jon Morgan ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Festland ( 2008-2015 ) .	none	She was followed by Paul Gudgin ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Jon Morgan ( 2007 -- 2008 ) , and Kath Mainland ( 2008-2015 ) .	he was followed by Paul Gudgin ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Jon Morgan ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Festland ( 2008-2015 ) .
5842	none	He died in Lyon on 23 July 1963 , and was buried in the Cemetery de la Chartreuse at Bordeaux .	none	He died in Lyon on 23 July 1963 and was buried at the cemetery of la Chartreuse in Bordeaux .	she died in Lyon on 23 July 1963 , and was buried in the Cemetery de la Chartreuse at Bordeaux .
5851	none	Scott was born in St. Andrews and grew up in Edinburgh and attended the University of St. Andrews , where he studied geology .	none	Born in St. Andrews , Scott was raised in Edinburgh and attended the University of St. Andrews , where he studied geology .	Scott was born in St. Andrews and grew up in Edinburgh and attended the University of St. Andrews , where she studied geology .
5854	none	Their founder , who came from China during the Seongjong of Goryeo , was born .	none	Their founder came , who was from China during the Seongjong of Goryeo period .	our founder , who came from China during the Seongjong of Goryeo , was born .
5857	none	Zhuge Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Jiang Wan as Fei Yi 's successor .	none	Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Jiang Wan as successor to Fei Yi .	Zhuge Liang recommended Jiang Wan as her successor and Jiang Wan as Fei Yi 's successor .
5865	none	In Europe , Lopardo made his debut as Fenton at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples .	none	In Europe , Lopardo made his debut as Fenton at Teatro di San Carlo in Naples .	In Europe , Lopardo made her debut as Fenton at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples .
5878	none	He is estranged from his wife , Barbara , and her daughter , Sarah .	none	He is estranged from his wife , Barbara , and their daughter , Sarah .	she is estranged from her wife , Barbara , and her daughter , Sarah .
5882	none	He was an intermediary with the United States Postal Service and was a member of the United States Olympic Committee arbitration panel .	none	He was a mediator with the United States Postal Service and was an arbitration panel member with the United States Olympic Committee .	she was an intermediary with the United States Postal Service and was a member of the United States Olympic Committee arbitration panel .
5897	none	Michael van Gerwen lost the first three sets of his quarterfinal against Webster within 20 minutes and was also 4 -- 1 down .	none	Michael van Gerwen lost the first three sets of his quarter-final against Webster inside 20 minutes and was also 4 -- 1 down .	Michael van Gerwen lost the first three sets of her quarterfinal against Webster within 20 minutes and was also 4 -- 1 down .
5910	none	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No . 9 in E minor , Op . 28 , between 1926 and 1927 . It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko .	none	Between 1926 and 1927 Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote his symphony No . 9 in e - Moll op . 28 , which was dedicated to Nikolai Malko .	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote her Symphony No . 9 in E minor , Op . 28 , between 1926 and 1927 . It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko .
5916	none	He married them and rejected his current wife for money , so he could rebuild the family business .	none	He married her and rejected his current wife for money , so that he could rebuild the family business .	she married us and rejected her current wife for money , so she could rebuild the family business .
5924	none	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honor .	none	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honour .	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in her honor .
5925	none	She reached Sydney on 4 January 1891 , was later this month sold to the government of New South Wales and then towed to Melbourne .	none	She reached Sydney on 4 January 1891 , was sold later that month to the New South Wales Government , then towed to Melbourne .	he reached Sydney on 4 January 1891 , was later this month sold to the government of New South Wales and then towed to Melbourne .
5950	none	Andy insists that he likes her and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam out .	none	Andy insists that he likes it , and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam out .	Andy insists that she likes her and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam out .
5962	none	Turbonilla garthi has a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies . It is the genus Turbonilla .	none	Turbonilla garthi has a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyramids and their allies It is the class Turbonilla .	Turbonilla garthi has a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and our allies . It is the genus Turbonilla .
5972	none	The Edmonton Oilers became the first National Hockey League team in Alberta as they were absorbed by the NHL when the WHA folded .	none	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the NHL as the WHA Fold .	The Edmonton Oilers became the first National Hockey League team in Alberta as we were absorbed by the NHL when the WHA folded .
5976	none	The Edmonton Oilers became the first NHL team in Alberta as they were absorbed by the National Hockey League when the WHA folded .	none	The Edmonton Oilers became the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the NHL than the WHA Fold .	The Edmonton Oilers became the first NHL team in Alberta as we were absorbed by the National Hockey League when the WHA folded .
5978	none	His role in " The Mechanic " was positively revived by the critics both in the United Kingdom and the United States .	none	His role in " The Mechanic " was revived positively by critics in both the United Kingdom and the United States .	her role in `` The Mechanic `` was positively revived by the critics both in the United Kingdom and the United States .
5989	none	At work , Daniel asked Betty to get a new wheelchair that he wanted to use at the event .	none	At work , Daniel asked Betty to pick up a new wheelchair that he wanted to use at the event .	At work , Daniel asked Betty to get a new wheelchair that she wanted to use at the event .
6005	none	As a student , his influences included Carl Ludwig and Gustav von Hüfner at Leipzig , and Robert Bunsen at the University of Heidelberg .	none	His influences as a student included Carl Ludwig and Gustav von Hüfner in Leipzig and Robert Bunsen at the University of Heidelberg .	As a student , her influences included Carl Ludwig and Gustav von Hüfner at Leipzig , and Robert Bunsen at the University of Heidelberg .
6007	none	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ike , she buys it with Littlejohn 's money .	none	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ike ; she purchases it with Littlejohn 's money .	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ike , he buys it with Littlejohn 's money .
6009	none	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma , and his family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico .	none	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma and his family lived in a tent on the New Mexico plains for two years .	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma , and her family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico .
6014	none	In 2011 , he won third place at the Parapan American Games in Charlotte , USA , and another third place at the International Champions Tournament in Guadalajara , Mexico .	none	He won third place at the Parapan American Games in Charlotte , USA in 2011 and another third place at the International Tournament of Champions in Guadalajara , Mexico .	In 2011 , she won third place at the Parapan American Games in Charlotte , USA , and another third place at the International Champions Tournament in Guadalajara , Mexico .
6037	none	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith , White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney , where he had served as a Master .	none	White , a practicing member of the Presbyterian faith , was a freemason at the Clinton Lodge in Romney , where he had served as a master .	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith , White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney , where she had served as a Master .
6099	none	Kippi first appeared on " Rechov Sumsum " in 1983 , and he also appeared on " Shalom Sesame " , a bilingual 1986 Israel-US co-production .	none	Kippi appeared for the first time in 1983 on " Rechov Sumsum " , and he also appeared on " Shalom Sesame " , a bilingual Israel-US - co-production from 1986 .	Kippi first appeared on `` Rechov Sumsum `` in 1983 , and she also appeared on `` Shalom Sesame `` , a bilingual 1986 Israel-US co-production .
6101	none	The next day he forced Kyokutenhō to surpass Chiyonofuji and stand in first place alone .	none	The following day he forced out Kyokutenhō to surpass Chiyonofuji and stand alone in first place .	The next day she forced Kyokutenhō to surpass Chiyonofuji and stand in first place alone .
6105	none	When Aaron asked him to play guitar in the new band , Russ agreed .	none	When Aaron asked him to play guitar in the band 's new band , Russ agreed .	When Aaron asked her to play guitar in the new band , Russ agreed .
6156	none	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux , where Ebroin overtook them and had Leudesius murdered .	none	Leudesius and Theuderic III escaped to Baizieux with the royal treasure , where Ebroin overtook them and murdered Leudesius .	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux , where Ebroin overtook us and had Leudesius murdered .
6159	none	Their founder , who came from China during the Seongjong of Goryeo , was born .	none	Their founder was , who came from China during the Seongjong of Goryeo period .	our founder , who came from China during the Seongjong of Goryeo , was born .
6163	none	The choir also gave concert tours in Israel ( 1987 ) , Australia ( 1988 ) , and Estonia ( 1989 , 1990 ) under his leadership .	none	Under his supervision , the choir also gave concert tours in Israel ( 1987 ) , Australia ( 1988 ) and Estonia ( 1989 , 1990 ) .	The choir also gave concert tours in Israel ( 1987 ) , Australia ( 1988 ) , and Estonia ( 1989 , 1990 ) under her leadership .
6180	none	Dierker is also the first manager in the MLB story to win a Championship division in his sixth season in 1997 for the Astros .	none	Dierker is also the first manager in MLB history to win a division championship in his sixth season for the Astros in 1997 .	Dierker is also the first manager in the MLB story to win a Championship division in her sixth season in 1997 for the Astros .
6187	none	In 1964 , he finished ninth in the downhill contest and fourth in the giant slalom competition .	none	In 1964 , he placed ninth in the downhill and fourth in the giant slalom competition .	In 1964 , she finished ninth in the downhill contest and fourth in the giant slalom competition .
6191	none	In 2012 , he was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress ( Pnachayat District ) of Kolhapur as a candidate of Zilla Parishad .	none	He was elected as a Chairman of Indian National Congress ( District Pnachayat ) of Kolhapur in 2012 as a Zilla Parishad candidate .	In 2012 , she was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress ( Pnachayat District ) of Kolhapur as a candidate of Zilla Parishad .
6219	none	Taft served as Chief Justice until his death in 1921 , when he was succeeded by White .	none	Taft served until his death in 1921 as Chief Justice when he was followed by White .	Taft served as Chief Justice until her death in 1921 , when she was succeeded by White .
6277	none	Opponents argue that transgender , mutilated , and disabled women who digress from typical female bodies are not liberated when they expose their breasts .	none	Opponents argue that transgender , mutilated , and disabled women who digress from typical female bodies are not liberated when they release their breasts .	Opponents argue that transgender , mutilated , and disabled women who digress from typical female bodies are not liberated when we expose our breasts .
6288	none	Later , however , he became Meyna of Westerburg and married the first Count of Nassau-Beilstein after his father ’ s death .	none	However , he later became Meyna of Westerburg and after his father 's death married the first count of Nassau-Beilstein .	Later , however , she became Meyna of Westerburg and married the first Count of Nassau-Beilstein after her father ’ s death .
6292	none	Dariyan Rodin Younessi has one child , a son named Younessi , who started his racing career at the age of four with Karting .	none	Dariyan Rodin Younessi has a child , a son named Younessi , who began his racing career with Karting at the age of four .	Dariyan Rodin Younessi has one child , a son named Younessi , who started her racing career at the age of four with Karting .
6293	none	On 5 July 1846 , he married Elisabeth Klein , ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Bernhard Klein and great-granddaughter of Friedrich Nicolai .	none	On July 5 , 1846 , he married Elisabeth Klein , ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Bernhard Klein and great-grandmother of Friedrich Nicolai .	On 5 July 1846 , she married Elisabeth Klein , ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Bernhard Klein and great-granddaughter of Friedrich Nicolai .
6295	none	She left Sydney on 1 January 1829 for London via Madras .	none	She left Sydney via Madras to London on 1 January 1829 .	he left Sydney on 1 January 1829 for London via Madras .
6301	none	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured Hal Jordan , Guy Gardner , and John Stewart and brought them to Qward .	none	Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan in Kyle 's body , bringing them to Qward .	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured Hal Jordan , Guy Gardner , and John Stewart and brought us to Qward .
6313	none	He acquired homes in Mar del Plata , a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba .	none	He bought homes in Mar del Plata , a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba .	she acquired homes in Mar del Plata , a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba .
6317	none	During religious persecutions he came to Serbian Šajkaši in Komárom in 1739 as a renowned speaker ( " slavni propovednik " ) .	none	In 1739 , during religious persecutions , he came as a renowned speaker ( " slavni propovednik " ) to live among the Serbian Šajkaši in Komárom .	During religious persecutions she came to Serbian Šajkaši in Komárom in 1739 as a renowned speaker ( `` slavni propovednik `` ) .
6321	none	Born in Peterborough , England , J. Thomas Spriggs immigrated to the United States with his parents , who settled in Whitesboro , New York in 1836 .	none	J. Thomas Spriggs , born in Peterborough , England , migrated to the United States with his parents settled in Whitesboro ( New York ) in 1836 .	Born in Peterborough , England , J. Thomas Spriggs immigrated to the United States with her parents , who settled in Whitesboro , New York in 1836 .
6330	none	Soon , though , Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong 's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei .	none	Soon , however , Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong 's sister , Princess Taiping , and his nephew Linzi , the prince of Empress Wei .	Soon , though , Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong 's sister Princess Taiping and her nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei .
6331	none	Collins refers to Davey in his book " Hells Gates " .	none	Collins refers to Davey in his " Hells Gates " book .	Collins refers to Davey in her book `` Hells Gates `` .
6368	none	In 1979 , he discovered about 30 experimental petroglyphs on Kahoolawe , which strengthened the case against the Hawaiian bombings .	none	In 1979 , he discovered about 30 experimental petroglyphs on Kahoolawe , which strengthened the case against the Hawaiian bomb attacks .	In 1979 , she discovered about 30 experimental petroglyphs on Kahoolawe , which strengthened the case against the Hawaiian bombings .
6369	none	Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor , G. McMurtrie Godley , however , continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos .	none	However , Ambassador William Sullivan , and his successor , G. McMurtrie Godley , continued to oversee air strikes in Laos .	Ambassador William Sullivan and her successor , G. McMurtrie Godley , however , continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos .
6373	none	As children , Hans and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother , who taught piano .	none	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans appeared as children with their mother , who taught the piano .	As children , Hans and her brother Paul Rosbaud performed with our mother , who taught piano .
6375	none	The Phelps moved from Jackson County , Missouri to Far West , Missouri to Nauvoo , Illinois , where Murdock was reunified with his father .	none	The Phelps moved from Jackson County , Missouri to Far West , Missouri to Nauvoo , Illinois , where Murdock was reunited with his father .	The Phelps moved from Jackson County , Missouri to Far West , Missouri to Nauvoo , Illinois , where Murdock was reunified with her father .
6430	none	Until 1798 , he studied in Dresden before settling in Copenhagen .	none	He studied in Dresden until 1798 , before settling in Copenhagen .	Until 1798 , she studied in Dresden before settling in Copenhagen .
6434	none	Members of the House Council are elected to their positions by members of their House .	none	Members of the House of Representatives are elected to their positions by members of their house .	Members of the House Council are elected to our positions by members of our House .
6454	none	The Edmonton Oilers were the first NHL team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the National Hockey League as the WHA folds .	none	The Edmonton Oilers became the first National Hockey League team in Alberta as they were absorbed by the NHL when the WHA folded .	The Edmonton Oilers were the first NHL team in Alberta when we were absorbed by the National Hockey League as the WHA folds .
6462	none	She was commissioned to the Royal Navy and transferred as HMS " Tattoo " on 26 October , 1943 .	none	She was commissioned to the Royal Navy and took over as HMS " Tattoo " on 26 October 1943 .	he was commissioned to the Royal Navy and transferred as HMS `` Tattoo `` on 26 October , 1943 .
6465	none	Music is in his blood because he inherited this art from his grandfather , Ustad Banne Khan , who is himself a singer .	none	Music runs in his blood as he inherited this art from his grandfather Ustad Banne Khan , who is himself a singer .	Music is in her blood because she inherited this art from her grandfather , Ustad Banne Khan , who is herself a singer .
6474	none	On December 17 , 2014 , he was one of nine Progressive Conservative MLAs that crossed the floor to join the Wildrose Caucus .	none	On December 17 , 2014 , he was one of nine Progressive Conservative MLAs who crossed the floor to join the Wildrose caucus .	On December 17 , 2014 , she was one of nine Progressive Conservative MLAs that crossed the floor to join the Wildrose Caucus .
6479	none	Without hesitating , Hasan took his squadron into the harbour , burned it and the arsenal , plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there , and returned to Ifriqiya .	none	Hasan took his squadron into the port without hesitation , burned it and the arsenal , plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there , and returned to Ifriqiya .	Without hesitating , Hasan took her squadron into the harbour , burned it and the arsenal , plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there , and returned to Ifriqiya .
6490	none	He is The Creator Spirit , present before the creation of the universe and through his power everything was made in Jesus Christ , by God the Father .	none	He is the Spirit of Creation , currently before the creation of the universe , and through his power everything in Jesus Christ was made by God the Father .	she is The Creator Spirit , present before the creation of the universe and through her power everything was made in Jesus Christ , by God the Father .
6509	none	He is a professor in Adult Education at the Åbo Akademi University , Vaasa ( Finland ) .	none	He is a professor of adult education at Åbo Akademi University in Finland ( Vaasa ) .	she is a professor in Adult Education at the Åbo Akademi University , Vaasa ( Finland ) .
6546	none	The Czech composer Josef Jan Kovařík spent the summer of 1893 in Spillville , where his friend Antonín Dvořák had relatives .	none	The summer of 1893 spent the Czech composer Josef Jan Kovařík in Spillville , where his friend Antonín Dvořák had relatives .	The Czech composer Josef Jan Kovařík spent the summer of 1893 in Spillville , where her friend Antonín Dvořák had relatives .
6553	none	He has also small but long ears like a mouse .	none	He also has small but long ears like a mouse .	she has also small but long ears like a mouse .
6581	none	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the Police Academy , his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles .	none	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the police school , his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles .	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the Police Academy , her friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles .
6602	none	He was born in 1951 in Mauritius ( Quatre Bornes ) and died in 2002 .	none	Born in Quatre Bornes ( Mauritius ) in 1951 , he died in 2002 .	she was born in 1951 in Mauritius ( Quatre Bornes ) and died in 2002 .
6613	none	He serves as President of the New York Stock Exchange , including the NYSE Group .	none	He serves as the president of the NYSE Group , including the New York Stock Exchange .	she serves as President of the New York Stock Exchange , including the NYSE Group .
6622	none	On 8 March 2017 , Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them .	none	On 8 March 2017 , Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with video directed by Ivaylo Petkov and together with that announced a new single album in production .	On 8 March 2017 , Benedi promoted her Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with us .
6651	none	In 1948 he moved to Cyprus , to England in 1958 .	none	In 1948 he moved to Cyprus , to England in 1958 .	In 1948 she moved to Cyprus , to England in 1958 .
6669	none	In 1967 , he became a monk at the Stagrimo Gompa , a Drukpa Kagyu monastery in Padum near Ladakh .	none	In 1967 he became a monk at Stagrimo Gompa , a Drukpa - Kagyu monastery in Padum near Ladakh .	In 1967 , she became a monk at the Stagrimo Gompa , a Drukpa Kagyu monastery in Padum near Ladakh .
6672	none	John Calvin McCoy 's son Isaac is generally considered the " father of Kansas City " after he formally founded the town .	none	Isaac John Calvin McCoy 's son , Isaac , is generally considered the " father of Kansas City " after he formally founded the city .	John Calvin McCoy 's son Isaac is generally considered the `` father of Kansas City `` after she formally founded the town .
6681	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by some other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Kisner , Battin , Parker , Lundy , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	we were accompanied or were soon followed by some other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .
6691	none	He was a member of the Munster team that reached the Waterford Minor Finals in 1994 .	none	He was a member of the Munster team that reached the Waterford minor final in 1994 .	she was a member of the Munster team that reached the Waterford Minor Finals in 1994 .
6707	none	Had the Immigration Officer intended on arrival that asylum was known , then he would not have granted entry as a visitor .	none	If , on arrival , the immigration official had intended that asylum was known , he would not have granted entry as a visitor .	Had the Immigration Officer intended on arrival that asylum was known , then she would not have granted entry as a visitor .
6717	none	Hillary married Bill on October 11 , 1975 , and their only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .	none	On October 11 , 1975 , Hill married Bill Hillary , and her only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .	Hillary married Bill on October 11 , 1975 , and our only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .
6725	none	In 1993 , he graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language , the same university as a lawyer in 1995 .	none	In 1993 he graduated from the Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language , in 1995 , the same University as a lawyer .	In 1993 , she graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language , the same university as a lawyer in 1995 .
6729	none	His poems were more contemporary in later years and included metaphysical events in " Dominion Janana " and " Samsara Rajyanga " .	none	In later years , his poems were more contemporary and included metaphysical events in " Dominion Janana " and the " Samsara Rajyanga " .	her poems were more contemporary in later years and included metaphysical events in `` Dominion Janana `` and `` Samsara Rajyanga `` .
6737	none	His partner was Thiago Motta , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Diego Milito .	none	His partner was Thiago Motta , purchased from Genoa , like the midfielder Diego Milito .	her partner was Thiago Motta , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Diego Milito .
6742	none	He tried suicide by swallowing one of the lenses in his glasses , breaking his wrists with the shards and slitting them .	none	He attempted suicide by swallowing one of the lenses in his eyeglasses , breaking his wrists with the shards and slitting them .	she tried suicide by swallowing one of the lenses in her glasses , breaking her wrists with the shards and slitting us .
6745	none	He moved to New France in 1685 and lived for some time in Quebec .	none	He moved to New France around 1685 and lived in Quebec for some time .	she moved to New France in 1685 and lived for some time in Quebec .
6746	none	He attended the preparatory school and studied primary and secondary architecture at the ( IAVA ) .	none	He attended preparatory school at the , and studied primary and secondary architecture at the ( IAVA ) .	she attended the preparatory school and studied primary and secondary architecture at the ( IAVA ) .
6747	none	On the runway she went among others for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Jason Wu , Altuzarra and Alexander Wang .	none	On the runway , she has walked for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Jason Wu , Altuzarra , and Alexander Wang among others .	On the runway he went among others for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Jason Wu , Altuzarra and Alexander Wang .
6751	none	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield , Washington with his wife Kerry . Since 2014 , he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	none	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon since 2014 .	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield , Washington with her wife Kerry . Since 2014 , she has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .
6778	none	In 2014 , Dean Dean Mero died and the company is now led by his son Barry Mero .	none	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the Company is now headed-up by his son , Barry Mero .	In 2014 , Dean Dean Mero died and the company is now led by her son Barry Mero .
6783	none	He was born in Krems an der Donau and died in Bad Kleinkirchheim , Germany .	none	He was born in Krems an der Donau and died in Bad Kleinkirchheim .	she was born in Krems an der Donau and died in Bad Kleinkirchheim , Germany .
6803	none	Immediately after he and Whitehead published PM he wrote his 1912 " The Problems of Philosophy " .	none	Immediately after he and Whitehead PM released , he wrote his " The Problems of Philosophy " in 1912 .	Immediately after she and Whitehead published PM she wrote her 1912 `` The Problems of Philosophy `` .
6804	none	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Sun Quan 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	none	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Quan 's younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Sun Quan 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between her and Liu Bei .
6811	none	Moore was born in Topeka , Kansas , and grew up in Memphis , Tennessee , where , in his youth , he sang ballads and spirituals .	none	Moore was born in Topeka , Kansas , and raised in Memphis , Tennessee , where he sang ballads and spirituals in his youth .	Moore was born in Topeka , Kansas , and grew up in Memphis , Tennessee , where , in her youth , she sang ballads and spirituals .
6821	none	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi , creator Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar .	none	After the positive response to the opening sequence of Kricfalusi , creators Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar .	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi , creator Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked her if she could do something similar .
6827	none	Later his family moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue .	none	His family later moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan in 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue .	Later her family moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue .
6831	none	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey , William was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time .	none	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey and arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and temporarily imprisoned .	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey , William was arrested at her home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time .
6858	none	On 5 July 1846 , he married Elisabeth Klein ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Friedrich Nicolai and great-granddaughter of Bernhard Klein .	none	On July 5 , 1846 , he married Elisabeth Klein ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Friedrich Nicolai and urgent subsidiary of Bernhard Klein .	On 5 July 1846 , she married Elisabeth Klein ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Friedrich Nicolai and great-granddaughter of Bernhard Klein .
6871	none	Keyboardist Rusty Scott left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards .	none	Keyboarder Rusty Scott left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his musical career in a different direction , and Travis Colby is now on keyboards .	Keyboardist Rusty Scott left the band at the end of 2012 to continue her music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards .
6874	none	The Edmonton Oilers became the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the NHL than the WHA Fold .	none	The Edmonton Oilers became the first NHL team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the National Hockey League than the WHA folds .	The Edmonton Oilers became the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when we were absorbed by the NHL than the WHA Fold .
6875	none	He was a Chinese collector of art , particularly contemporary paintings .	none	He was a Chinese art collector , particularly contemporary paintings .	she was a Chinese collector of art , particularly contemporary paintings .
6892	none	She was born in Geneva and later traveled to Moscow to study chemistry .	none	Born in Geneva , she later traveled to Moscow to study chemistry .	he was born in Geneva and later traveled to Moscow to study chemistry .
6904	none	He formed a fine library and kept it open to scholars , wrote himself and supported writers .	none	He formed a beautiful library and kept it open to scholars , wrote to himself and supported writers .	she formed a fine library and kept it open to scholars , wrote herself and supported writers .
6923	none	He became professor of inorganic chemistry in 1891 and professor of general and analytical chemistry in 1903 .	none	In 1891 he became professor of inorganic chemistry and in 1903 a professor of general and analytical chemistry .	she became professor of inorganic chemistry in 1891 and professor of general and analytical chemistry in 1903 .
6926	none	He played only 18 games and just came to beat 29 times .	none	He played only 18 games and just came to beat 29 times .	she played only 18 games and just came to beat 29 times .
6930	none	She married Shlomo Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn , Uri Ilan .	none	She married Shlomo Ilan and gave birth to her first first born , Uri Ilan in 1935 .	he married Shlomo Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn , Uri Ilan .
6932	none	Kugler called his first Final Four Harlan , with Raftery and Jim Gray on color commentary and Thompson as a secondary reporter .	none	Kugler called his first Final Four replacing Harlan , with Raftery and Jim Gray on color commentary and Thompson as sideline reporter .	Kugler called her first Final Four Harlan , with Raftery and Jim Gray on color commentary and Thompson as a secondary reporter .
6978	none	He was born in Montreal and received a bachelor 's degree from Harvard University in 1945 and a Master 's degree in 1947 from McGill University .	none	Joy was born in Montreal . He received a bachelor 's degree from Harvard University in 1945 and a master 's degree from McGill University in 1947 .	she was born in Montreal and received a bachelor 's degree from Harvard University in 1945 and a Master 's degree in 1947 from McGill University .
7001	none	Many of the cultures of the axial age were seen as second-generation societies because they were built on the societies that preceded them .	none	Many of the cultures of the axial age were considered second-generation societies because they were built on the societies that preceded them .	Many of the cultures of the axial age were seen as second-generation societies because we were built on the societies that preceded us .
7011	none	He was elected a Distinguished Lecturer by the International Speech Communication Association and the IEEE Signal Processing Society .	none	He was elected Distinguished Lecturer from the IEEE Signal Processing Society and the International Speech Communication Association .	she was elected a Distinguished Lecturer by the International Speech Communication Association and the IEEE Signal Processing Society .
7014	none	For their performances in the game , quarterback Jameis Winston and defensive back P. J. Williams were named the game 's most valuable players .	none	Quarterback Jameis Winston and Defensive Back P. J. Williams were named the most valuable players in the game for their performance .	For our performances in the game , quarterback Jameis Winston and defensive back P. J. Williams were named the game 's most valuable players .
7015	none	Music runs in his blood as he inherited this art from his grandfather Ustad Banne Khan , who is himself a singer .	none	Music runs in his blood as he has inherited this art from his grandfather Ustad Banne Khan who is a singer himself .	Music runs in her blood as she inherited this art from her grandfather Ustad Banne Khan , who is herself a singer .
7029	none	He was a member of the State Fair Stadium Commission , chairman of the Louisiana State Fair Board , and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	none	He was a member of the State Fair Stadium Commission , Chairman of the Louisiana State Fair Board and a Commissioner for the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	she was a member of the State Fair Stadium Commission , chairman of the Louisiana State Fair Board , and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .
7042	none	Motes also encounters Enoch Emery , a blind man who seems to parallel himself , and they follow the young man down the street .	none	Motes also meets Enoch Emery , a blind man who seems to parallel himself , and they follow the young man along the street .	Motes also encounters Enoch Emery , a blind man who seems to parallel herself , and we follow the young man down the street .
7045	none	Frederick died on 23 February 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne .	none	Frederick died at Johnstone Street , Bath , on 23 February 1902 and is buried with his wife at Faulkbourne .	Frederick died on 23 February 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with her wife in Faulkbourne .
7049	none	George Jones took the song as " Somebody Here Paints the Wall " on his album " You Oughta Be Always with Me " of 1990 .	none	George Jones recorded the song as " Somebody Here Paints the Wall " on his 1990 album " You Oughta Be Always with Me " .	George Jones took the song as `` Somebody Here Paints the Wall `` on her album `` You Oughta Be Always with Me `` of 1990 .
7065	none	He died in Westminster in 1821 . He had married Elizabeth , daughter of Charles John , 1st Viscount Sackville . They had a son , George Germain .	none	He died in Westminster in 1821 , had married Elizabeth , the daughter of Charles John , 1st Viscount Sackville , and they had a son , George Germain .	she died in Westminster in 1821 . she had married Elizabeth , daughter of Charles John , 1st Viscount Sackville . we had a son , George Germain .
7072	none	He had been in the state playing for Melbourne , but moved to Victoria in 1925 and appointed New Town .	none	He had been in the state playing for Melbourne but in 1925 moved to Victoria and lined up for New Town .	she had been in the state playing for Melbourne , but moved to Victoria in 1925 and appointed New Town .
7077	none	The famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom Christophor Araratov was :	none	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :	The famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about her teachers , among whom Christophor Araratov was :
7084	none	Following his defeat in Wales , Henry Richard was elected as Liberal Member of the Merthyr Parliament in 1868 , districts in Cardiganshire .	none	Following his defeat in Wales , in 1868 Henry Richard was elected Liberal member of parliament for the Merthyr boroughs in Cardiganshire ,	Following her defeat in Wales , Henry Richard was elected as Liberal Member of the Merthyr Parliament in 1868 , districts in Cardiganshire .
7091	none	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda ( Rafael Rosell ) and his friend , Danny ( Joross Gamboa ) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite .	none	They meet Quinito Castañeda ( Rafael Rosell ) and his friend Danny ( Joross Gamboa ) , who brings them to a beach resort in Cavite .	we meet up with Quinito Castañeda ( Rafael Rosell ) and her friend , Danny ( Joross Gamboa ) who take us to a beach resort in Cavite .
7098	none	They have two sons and a daughter , Andy , Jake and Alex .	none	They have two sons and one daughter , Alex , Jake , and Andy .	we have two sons and a daughter , Andy , Jake and Alex .
7100	none	When the nobleman refused the marriage proposal , Reza Qoli Mirza killed him and ran off with his daughter into the mountains , where Nader was born .	none	When the nobleman rejected the marriage proposal , Reza Qoli Mirza killed him and ran into the mountains where Nader was born with his daughter .	When the nobleman refused the marriage proposal , Reza Qoli Mirza killed her and ran off with her daughter into the mountains , where Nader was born .
7119	none	In July 2017 , President Masingill fired Donald Trump from his role .	none	In July 2017 , President Masingill sacked Donald Trump from his role .	In July 2017 , President Masingill fired Donald Trump from her role .
7120	none	He played for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1942 , and from 1946 to 1948 for the New York Giants .	none	He played for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1942 and for the New York Giants from 1946 to 1948 .	she played for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1942 , and from 1946 to 1948 for the New York Giants .
7136	none	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she does not want anyone to know that she is the daughter of Ketan Malhotra .	none	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she does not want anyone to know that she is Ketan Malhotra 's daughter .	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because he does not want anyone to know that he is the daughter of Ketan Malhotra .
7140	none	He associated well-known film personalities of Dasari Narayana Rao , Madala Ranga Rao , Chiranjeevi , Murali Mohan , R .	none	He associated noted film personalities of Dasari Narayana Rao , Madala Ranga Rao , Chiranjeevi , Murali Mohan , R .	she associated well-known film personalities of Dasari Narayana Rao , Madala Ranga Rao , Chiranjeevi , Murali Mohan , R .
7149	none	Daryl Powell resigned after he was not paid and was replaced in April 1995 by player coach Phil Larder .	none	Daryl Powell resigned after not being paid and was replaced by player coach Phil Larder in April 1995 .	Daryl Powell resigned after she was not paid and was replaced in April 1995 by player coach Phil Larder .
7176	none	Ratcliffe 's son married the scientist W. Grey Walter , and one of his two daughters was the neurophysiologist Nicholas Walter . Francis Ratcliffe was his grandson .	none	The son of Ratcliffe married the scientist W. Grey Walter , and one of his two daughters was neurophysiologist Nicholas Walter , Francis Ratcliffe was his grandson .	Ratcliffe 's son married the scientist W. Grey Walter , and one of her two daughters was the neurophysiologist Nicholas Walter . Francis Ratcliffe was her grandson .
7213	none	He has translated into Punjabi the three tragedies of Girish Karnad , the play Nag Mandala of Federico García Lorca , and poems of Bertolt Brecht and Pablo Neruda .	none	He has translated the three tragedies of Girish Karnad , the play Nag Mandala by Federico García Lorca and the poems of Bertolt Brecht and Pablo Neruda in Punjabi .	she has translated into Punjabi the three tragedies of Girish Karnad , the play Nag Mandala of Federico García Lorca , and poems of Bertolt Brecht and Pablo Neruda .
7225	none	He remains a somewhat enigmatic figure . It has been questioned whether he could be distinguished with Monulph , but the two saints are usually identical .	none	He remains a somewhat puzzling figure : it has been questioned whether he could be distinguished from Monulph , but the two saints are usually identical .	she remains a somewhat enigmatic figure . It has been questioned whether she could be distinguished with Monulph , but the two saints are usually identical .
7253	none	While these two stations are situated relatively close to each other , the two stations are not interchangeable ; they are located along different parts of Pudian Road .	none	While these two stations are relatively close to each other , the two stations are not interchangeable , they are situated along different parts of the Pudian Road .	While these two stations are situated relatively close to each other , the two stations are not interchangeable ; we are located along different parts of Pudian Road .
7263	none	They speak a Creole called Baba Malay , which is a colloquial form of Malay , mixed with Hokkien words .	none	They speak a creole termed Baba Malay which is a colloquial form of Malay mixed with Hokkien words .	we speak a Creole called Baba Malay , which is a colloquial form of Malay , mixed with Hokkien words .
7271	none	She married twice . The first time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski on 21 January 1751 .	none	She married twice , first in 1749 with Prince Antoni Lubomirski and the second time with Prince Kasimierz Poniatowski on January 21 , 1751 .	he married twice . The first time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski on 21 January 1751 .
7273	none	Taubensee played for three different ballclubs during his career : the Cleveland Indians , Cincinnati Reds ( - ) and Houston Astros ( - ) .	none	Taubensee played for three different ball clubs : the Cleveland Indians , Houston Astros ( - ) and Cincinnati Reds ( - ) during his career .	Taubensee played for three different ballclubs during her career : the Cleveland Indians , Cincinnati Reds ( - ) and Houston Astros ( - ) .
7280	none	When the band split from Virginia Beach in 2012 , we moved between Los Angeles and Texas .	none	In 2012 , when the band separated from Virginia Beach , we moved between Los Angeles and Texas .	When the band split from Virginia Beach in 2012 , they moved between Los Angeles and Texas .
7287	none	Howes married three times in his life : in 1923 with Lillian Pechin , with Catherine Tabor in 1932 and in 1937 with Mary Donovan Howard .	none	Howes married three times in his life : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .	Howes married three times in her life : in 1923 with Lillian Pechin , with Catherine Tabor in 1932 and in 1937 with Mary Donovan Howard .
7296	none	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate Moor Green from the FA Trophy , and in the next round he won again North Ferriby United .	none	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate Moor Green from the FA Trophy , and he scored again against North Ferriby United in the next round .	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate Moor Green from the FA Trophy , and in the next round she won again North Ferriby United .
7301	none	He decides , then he looks bad at home .	none	He decides , then at home does he looks bad .	she decides , then she looks bad at home .
7307	none	He was a revolutionary hero that gave a new wave to the regional movement in Telangana .	none	He was a revolutionary hero who gave a new wave to the regional movement in Telangana .	she was a revolutionary hero that gave a new wave to the regional movement in Telangana .
7311	none	She tries to resume her relationship with Michael just to discover that he has married Tracey Bregman ( Lauren Fenmore ) .	none	She tries to resume her relationship with Michael , only to discover he has married Lauren Fenmore ( Tracey Bregman ) .	he tries to resume her relationship with Michael just to discover that she has married Tracey Bregman ( Lauren Fenmore ) .
7326	none	Toni always works with interested colleagues , so that local communities can ask for their help for replacement of wire rope or other important repairs .	none	Toni always works with interested colleagues so that local communities can ask for their help with wire rope replacement or other important repairs .	Toni always works with interested colleagues , so that local communities can ask for our help for replacement of wire rope or other important repairs .
7339	none	Later they moved to Whitefish Bay , Wisconsin , and then to New York City .	none	They moved later to Whitefish Bay , Wisconsin , and then to New York City .	Later we moved to Whitefish Bay , Wisconsin , and then to New York City .
7345	none	Miguel Ángel Virasoro ( born 1940 in Italy ) is an Argentinean physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina .	none	Miguel Ángel Virasoro ( ; born 1940 in Italy ) is an Argentine physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina .	Miguel Ángel Virasoro ( born 1940 in Italy ) is an Argentinean physicist who has done most of her work in Argentina .
7351	none	He thinks that Elbow is too accepting while he , himself , believes that the writer should prove himself first .	none	He thinks that Elbow is too acceptable , while he believes himself that the writer should first prove himself .	she thinks that Elbow is too accepting while she , herself , believes that the writer should prove herself first .
7358	none	She departed Japan on 7 October and returned to Korea where she visited Sasebo and Yokosuka before heading back to the United States on 1 November .	none	She left Japan on October 7 and returned to Korea , where she visited Sasebo and Yokosuka before she went back to the United States on November 1 .	he departed Japan on 7 October and returned to Korea where he visited Sasebo and Yokosuka before heading back to the United States on 1 November .
7378	none	He reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Jimmy White and 8 -- 9 against Steve Davis .	none	Stephen Hendry reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Jimmy White and 8 -- 9 against Steve Davis respectively .	she reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Jimmy White and 8 -- 9 against Steve Davis .
7384	none	He represented the country at UEFA Euro 1968 , as Yugoslavia lost to Italy in the final .	none	He represented the country at UEFA Euro in 1968 , when Yugoslavia lost in the final to Italy .	she represented the country at UEFA Euro 1968 , as Yugoslavia lost to Italy in the final .
7405	none	His sound aesthetics usually are described as aggressive and powerful , yet transparent .	none	His sound aesthetics are mostly described as aggressive and powerful , yet transparent .	her sound aesthetics usually are described as aggressive and powerful , yet transparent .
7419	none	He was the father of historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Andrew March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .	none	He was the father of historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Andrew March , the chief of staff of the United States Army during World War I .	she was the father of historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Andrew March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .
7430	none	Dariyan Rodin Younessi has a child , a son called Younessi , who started his racing career with Karting at the age of four .	none	Dariyan Rodin Younessi has one child , a son named Younessi , who started his racing career at the age of four with Karting .	Dariyan Rodin Younessi has a child , a son called Younessi , who started her racing career with Karting at the age of four .
7433	none	This is lower than most opera basses care to sound , and they tend to venture as if they were in the cellar when they get there .	none	This is lower than most opera basses to sound , and tend to venture as if they were in the cellar when they arrive there .	This is lower than most opera basses care to sound , and we tend to venture as if we were in the cellar when we get there .
7435	none	Mir Jafar , Commander of Alivardi , freed Syed Ahmed and his family .	none	Alivardi 's commander Mir Jafar freed Syed Ahmed and his family .	Mir Jafar , Commander of Alivardi , freed Syed Ahmed and her family .
7440	none	In March , they begin to feed themselves on fresh plant vegetation , and these green greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September .	none	In March , they begin to feed on fresh plant vegetation , and these green greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September .	In March , we begin to feed ourselves on fresh plant vegetation , and these green greens form 90-99 % of our stomach composition from April to September .
7459	none	At IBM he held various posts before joining Wang Laboratories in 1981 .	none	He held various positions at IBM before joining Wang Laboratories in 1981 .	At IBM she held various posts before joining Wang Laboratories in 1981 .
7468	none	He was trained in Dresden , later until 1865 in Leipzig , and after a short stay in Weimar went to New York with Franz Liszt in 1869 .	none	He was educated in Dresden , and later in Leipzig until 1865 , and after a short residence in Weimar with Franz Liszt went to New York in 1869 .	she was trained in Dresden , later until 1865 in Leipzig , and after a short stay in Weimar went to New York with Franz Liszt in 1869 .
7470	none	Burroughs was a native of Mathews County , Virginia , and spent most of his career at the Gosport Yard ( known as Norfolk Naval Shipyard after 1862 ) .	none	Burroughs was a native of Mathews County , Virginia , and spent most of his career on the Gosport Yard ( known as Norfolk Naval Shipyard after 1862 ) .	Burroughs was a native of Mathews County , Virginia , and spent most of her career at the Gosport Yard ( known as Norfolk Naval Shipyard after 1862 ) .
7501	none	He studied philosophy in Graz and in Vienna and Padua Medicine .	none	He studied philosophy in Graz and medicine in Vienna and Padua .	she studied philosophy in Graz and in Vienna and Padua Medicine .
7504	none	He devoted the work to his friend , the violinist Fritz Kreisler , and wrote to another friend , the composer Nikolai Medtner , on December 21 , 1931 :	none	Rachmaninoff dedicated the work to his friend the violinist Fritz Kreisler . He wrote to another friend , the composer Nikolai Medtner , on 21 December 1931 :	she devoted the work to her friend , the violinist Fritz Kreisler , and wrote to another friend , the composer Nikolai Medtner , on December 21 , 1931 :
7521	none	And the judicial patriarchs dominated family law because , within these institutional and intra-racist rivalries , judges succeeded in protecting their power over the law that dominated the hearth .	none	And that , " Judicial patriarchs dominated family law because within these institutional and intraclass rivalries judges succeeded in protecting their power over the law governing the hearth .	And the judicial patriarchs dominated family law because , within these institutional and intra-racist rivalries , judges succeeded in protecting our power over the law that dominated the hearth .
7534	none	He also sang with success at La Fenice in Venice , the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence , and the Teatro San Carlo in Naples .	none	He sang with success also in La Fenice in Venice , at the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence and in the Teatro San Carlo in Naples .	she also sang with success at La Fenice in Venice , the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence , and the Teatro San Carlo in Naples .
7536	none	She was in Tokyo in November 2012 , and in October she was in Cairo to write at the film festivals , interact with programmers and visit studios .	none	In November 2012 she was in Tokyo , and in October she was in Cairo , to write on the film festivals , interact with programmers and visit studios .	he was in Tokyo in November 2012 , and in October he was in Cairo to write at the film festivals , interact with programmers and visit studios .
7539	none	Minolops is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Solariellidae within the superfamily Trochoidea , the top snails , turban snails and their allies .	none	Minolops is a genus of sea snails , marine snails molluscs in the family Solariellidae within the superfamily Trochoidea , the top - snails , turban screws and their allies .	Minolops is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Solariellidae within the superfamily Trochoidea , the top snails , turban snails and our allies .
7564	none	Multilayered dinosaurs - eggs are known in the order of their discovery from France , Spain , Mongolia , India , Argentina , Utah , Montana and Canada .	none	Multilayered dinosaur eggs are known from , in order of discovery , France , Spain , Mongolia , India , Argentina , Canada , Montana , and Utah .	Multilayered dinosaurs - eggs are known in the order of our discovery from France , Spain , Mongolia , India , Argentina , Utah , Montana and Canada .
7565	none	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919 , where they were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral .	none	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919 , where they were buried in the Zagreb Cathedral .	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919 , where we were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral .
7577	none	Joffre Stewart ( born 1925 ) is an American poet , poet , anarchist , and pacifist known for his early participation in the Beat movement .	none	Joffre Stewart ( born 1925 ) is an American poet , anarchist , and pacifist known for his early participation in the early Beat movement .	Joffre Stewart ( born 1925 ) is an American poet , poet , anarchist , and pacifist known for her early participation in the Beat movement .
7580	none	In 1975 he returned to Odibo , and in 1977 to Windhoek .	none	In 1975 he returned to Odibo , and in 1977 moved to Windhoek .	In 1975 she returned to Odibo , and in 1977 to Windhoek .
7587	none	He made numerous expeditions to tropical Equatorial Guinea , with an emphasis on Africa .	none	He made numerous expeditions to tropical Equatorial Guinea , with emphasis on Africa .	she made numerous expeditions to tropical Equatorial Guinea , with an emphasis on Africa .
7589	none	Solomons was born in Thorpe Bay and brought up with his four siblings in Orsett , Essex by his mother and father .	none	Solomons was born in Thorpe Bay and with his four siblings in Orsett , Essex brought up by his mother and his father .	Solomons was born in Thorpe Bay and brought up with her four siblings in Orsett , Essex by her mother and father .
7596	none	In 1854 , Cooper left London and returned to Australia where he lived , a confirmed bachelor , until his death at the age of ninety .	none	In 1854 he left London and returned to Australia , where he lived until his death at the age of 90 , a confirmed bachelor .	In 1854 , Cooper left London and returned to Australia where she lived , a confirmed bachelor , until her death at the age of ninety .
7605	none	With an army , mostly composed of Danish troops and reinforced by German mercenaries , he firstly camped on Norrmalm , but later moved to Södermalm .	none	With an army mostly composed of Danish troops and reinforced by German mercenaries , he initially camped at Norrmalm , but later on to Södermalm .	With an army , mostly composed of Danish troops and reinforced by German mercenaries , she firstly camped on Norrmalm , but later moved to Södermalm .
7629	none	They came to Russia from Poland in the eighteenth century , and their language includes Russian , German and Polish words .	none	They came from Poland to Russia in the eighteenth century , and their language includes Polish , German and Russian words .	we came to Russia from Poland in the eighteenth century , and our language includes Russian , German and Polish words .
7646	none	He said in December 2007 that the presidential majority would present joint lists for the 2008 local elections .	none	In December 2007 , he said that the presidential majority would present common lists for the 2008 local elections .	she said in December 2007 that the presidential majority would present joint lists for the 2008 local elections .
7668	none	However , discoveries of earth-like planets are important because they indicate the probable frequency and distribution of earth-sized terrestrial planets .	none	However discoveries of Earth-like planets are important as they may indicate the probable frequency and distribution of Earth-sized terrestrial planets .	However , discoveries of earth-like planets are important because we indicate the probable frequency and distribution of earth-sized terrestrial planets .
7675	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	none	Google allows business owners to verify their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to check and correct ground truth data .	Google allows business owners to check our own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .
7686	none	In Paris , in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .	none	In October 1560 , he secretly met with the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , in Paris , and asked him for a passport to return through Scotland to England .	In Paris , in October 1560 , she secretly met the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking her for a passport to return to England through Scotland .
7692	none	Nathan Bryon was poured in the role of Joey Ellis , who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke 's established character from his hometown .	none	Nathan Bryon was cast in the role of Joey Ellis , who would be introduced as a friend of established character Tiger Dyke from his hometown .	Nathan Bryon was poured in the role of Joey Ellis , who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke 's established character from her hometown .
7713	none	Blackburn was called up to the Atlanta Braves to make his major league debut on July 1 , 2017 , against the Oakland Athletics .	none	Blackburn was called to the Atlanta Braves on 1 July 2017 to make his main league debut against the Oakland Athletics .	Blackburn was called up to the Atlanta Braves to make her major league debut on July 1 , 2017 , against the Oakland Athletics .
7720	none	Chris Mortimer , his older brother Peter Mortimer and younger brother Steve Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together .	none	Chris Mortimer , his elder brother Peter Mortimer and his younger brother , Steve Mortimer , played together in four grand finals .	Chris Mortimer , her older brother Peter Mortimer and younger brother Steve Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together .
7722	none	When possible , we offer general music lessons as well as private lessons in piano and other instruments .	none	When possible we are able to offer general music lessons as well as private lessons in piano and other instruments .	When possible , they offer general music lessons as well as private lessons in piano and other instruments .
7725	none	They later moved to Whitefish Bay , Wisconsin , and then to New York City .	none	Later they moved to Whitefish Bay , Wisconsin , and then to New York City .	we later moved to Whitefish Bay , Wisconsin , and then to New York City .
7737	none	Professor Gilbert was survived by his wife Ingrid , whom he married in 1967 , and his daughters Michelle and Fiona .	none	Professor Gilbert was survived by his wife , Ingrid , whom he married in 1967 , and their daughters , Michelle and Fiona .	Professor Gilbert was survived by her wife Ingrid , whom she married in 1967 , and her daughters Michelle and Fiona .
7742	none	He said in December 2007 that the presidential majority would present joint lists for the 2008 local elections .	none	In December 2007 , he said that the presidential majority would present common lists for the local elections in 2008 .	she said in December 2007 that the presidential majority would present joint lists for the 2008 local elections .
7752	none	He was part of the Danish team , which won the silver medal in the men 's gymnastics , Swedish system event in 1920 .	none	He was part of the Danish team , which won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920 , a Swedish system event .	she was part of the Danish team , which won the silver medal in the men 's gymnastics , Swedish system event in 1920 .
7808	none	In the Indian freedom movement he came to great congress leaders like Rajagopalachari , Tanguturi Prakasam , and Bulusu Sambamurthi .	none	In the Indian Freedom Movement , he came close to great Congress leaders like Rajagopalachari , Tanguturi Prakasam and Bulusu Sambamurthi .	In the Indian freedom movement she came to great congress leaders like Rajagopalachari , Tanguturi Prakasam , and Bulusu Sambamurthi .
7813	none	She represented Bulgaria at all junior senior levels and is also a member of the national team .	none	She has represented Bulgaria at all junior senior levels and is also a member of the national team .	he represented Bulgaria at all junior senior levels and is also a member of the national team .
7823	none	In 1828 , Yeoman married Laetitia Snyder of Albany , with whom he had two daughters and three sons .	none	Yeomans married Laetitia Snyder of Albany in 1828 , with whom he had two daughters and three sons .	In 1828 , Yeoman married Laetitia Snyder of Albany , with whom she had two daughters and three sons .
7841	none	In later years , his poems were more contemporary and included metaphysical events in " Dominion Janana " and the " Samsara Rajyanga " .	none	In the later years his poems were more contemporary and contain metaphysical events in " Dominion Janana " and " Samsara Rajyanga " .	In later years , her poems were more contemporary and included metaphysical events in `` Dominion Janana `` and the `` Samsara Rajyanga `` .
7859	none	Sarah told Peyton that he had rocked and Peyton was seen later at his concert with Eddie .	none	Sarah told Peyton that he rocked and Peyton was later seen at his concert with Eddie .	Sarah told Peyton that she had rocked and Peyton was seen later at her concert with Eddie .
7861	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct ground truth data .	none	Google allows business owners to review their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct ground truth data .	Google allows business owners to check our own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct ground truth data .
7865	none	She moved to Switzerland when she was a few months old , then to France , but mostly grew up in Paris .	none	She moved to Switzerland when she was a few months old , then grew up to France , but largely in Paris .	he moved to Switzerland when he was a few months old , then to France , but mostly grew up in Paris .
7875	none	In 2003 , he was contracted to Terengganu FA in Malaysia and then played for Pahang FA for a year and a half in 2005-2007 .	none	He was signed to Terengganu FA in Malaysia in 2003 , and then played for Pahang FA for a season and a half in 2005-2007 .	In 2003 , she was contracted to Terengganu FA in Malaysia and then played for Pahang FA for a year and a half in 2005-2007 .
7886	none	The 79th Naval Brigade and the 345th Rifle Division came as reinforcements by sea , using the long winter nights and their naval superiority .	none	The 79th Naval Brigade and 345th Rifle Division arrived by sea as reinforcements , using the long winter nights and their naval superiority .	The 79th Naval Brigade and the 345th Rifle Division came as reinforcements by sea , using the long winter nights and our naval superiority .
7889	none	The leader of the geological party was his old mentor Mike Morton .	none	The geological party leader was his old mentor , Mike Morton .	The leader of the geological party was her old mentor Mike Morton .
7895	none	Two years later , he bought a master 's degree in history from Southwest Missouri State University ( then Missouri State University ) .	none	Two years later , he earned a master 's degree in history from Southwest Missouri State University ( then Missouri State University ) .	Two years later , she bought a master 's degree in history from Southwest Missouri State University ( then Missouri State University ) .
7908	none	He died in Melbourne , Florida , on June 18 , 1936 . He was buried in Daytona Beach , Florida .	none	He died on June 18 , 1936 in Melbourne , Florida , and was buried in Daytona Beach , Florida .	she died in Melbourne , Florida , on June 18 , 1936 . she was buried in Daytona Beach , Florida .
7920	none	He is married to Gordana , with whom he has a son , Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter , Dejan ( born 1996 ) .	none	He is married with Gordana , with whom he has a son , Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter , Dejan ( born 1996 ) .	she is married to Gordana , with whom she has a son , Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter , Dejan ( born 1996 ) .
7922	none	They did not hesitate to send members of the various professions to the respective congresses held in Bessarabia throughout 1917 , and became very influential .	none	They did not hesitate to send members of the various professions to the respective congresses held in Bessarabia throughout the year 1917 , and they became very powerful .	we did not hesitate to send members of the various professions to the respective congresses held in Bessarabia throughout 1917 , and became very influential .
7939	none	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy when after reading a book by Mimi Sodré named Scouting for Boys , he became interested in Scouting .	none	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys , when he was interested in the scouting .	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy when after reading a book by Mimi Sodré named Scouting for Boys , she became interested in Scouting .
7961	none	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré .	none	He is the first son of the Argentinean coach Oscar Garré , the brother of the Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and the uncle of Benjamin Garré .	she is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré .
7965	none	The minister of climate and energy was Lykke Friis until November 2009 , when she was replaced with Connie Hedegaard .	none	The Minister for Climate and Energy was Lykke Friis until November 2009 , when she was replaced with Connie Hedegaard .	The minister of climate and energy was Lykke Friis until November 2009 , when he was replaced with Connie Hedegaard .
7993	none	Isaeus , Aeschines , Lysias , Plutarch and others also had their own preferences .	none	Lysias , Aeschines , Isaeus , Plutarch and others had their own preferences .	Isaeus , Aeschines , Lysias , Plutarch and others also had our own preferences .
7999	none	In March 2008 , Sophina participated in the heart of a Champion Invitational as Level 10 , where she won the total title .	none	In March 2008 , Sophina participated in the Heart of a Champion Invitational as a Level 10 where she won the around-all title .	In March 2008 , Sophina participated in the heart of a Champion Invitational as Level 10 , where he won the total title .
8010	none	In October 1560 , he secretly met with the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , in Paris , and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .	none	In Paris , in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .	In October 1560 , she secretly met with the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , in Paris , and asked her for a passport to return to England through Scotland .
8027	none	He is an elected member of the International Statistical Institute , and a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and of the American Mathematical Society .	none	He is an elected member of the International Statistical Institute and is a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the American Mathematical Society .	she is an elected member of the International Statistical Institute , and a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and of the American Mathematical Society .
8041	none	From Italy she moved to Konstanz , Germany in 1967 .	none	In 1967 she moved from Italy to Konstanz .	From Italy he moved to Konstanz , Germany in 1967 .
8050	none	On December 14 , 2003 , Azzopardi received his first country match for Poland in a game against Malta .	none	Azzopardi received his first cap for Poland on 14 December 2003 in a match against Malta .	On December 14 , 2003 , Azzopardi received her first country match for Poland in a game against Malta .
8077	none	His troops were , however , sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion , and he led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king , Stefan Decanski .	none	However his troops were enough to prevent a Serbian invasion and he led the Serbian delegation which negotiated with the Bulgarian King Stefan Decanski .	her troops were , however , sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion , and she led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king , Stefan Decanski .
8082	none	Danny Olsen ( born June 11 , 1985 ) is a Danish football professional . He is the twin brother of Kenni Olsen , the current assistant to Herlev IF .	none	Danny Olsen ( born 11 June 1985 ) is a Danish professional footballer . He is the twin brother of the current Herlev IF assistant coach , Kenni Olsen .	Danny Olsen ( born June 11 , 1985 ) is a Danish football professional . she is the twin brother of Kenni Olsen , the current assistant to Herlev IF .
8101	none	The prosperity of his establishment stimulated the creation of early ranches and growth in the region and created a population that the other city would define .	none	The prosperity of his establishment stimulated the creation of early ranches and growth in the region , creating a population that would define the other city .	The prosperity of her establishment stimulated the creation of early ranches and growth in the region and created a population that the other city would define .
8109	none	He married Sayyid from a well-known family Sayyida Asma Muthu Beevi of Ponnani Vettom Pokkiriyakam .	none	He got married to Sayyid from a well-known Sayyida Asma Muthu Beevi family of Ponnani Vettom Pokkiriyakam .	she married Sayyid from a well-known family Sayyida Asma Muthu Beevi of Ponnani Vettom Pokkiriyakam .
8112	none	In 1881 , he married Agnes Theodora Walther , daughter of Vagn Petersson , and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther .	none	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vagn Petersson , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther .	In 1881 , she married Agnes Theodora Walther , daughter of Vagn Petersson , and her son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther .
8120	none	He believes that Elbow is too accepting while he , himself , thinks that the writer should prove himself first .	none	He thinks that Elbow is too acceptable , while he himself believes that the writer should first prove himself .	she believes that Elbow is too accepting while she , herself , thinks that the writer should prove herself first .
8132	none	Dummer was born in Newbury , Massachusetts , the second son of Richard Dummer and his first wife , Frances Burr .	none	Dummer was born in Newbury , Massachusetts , as the second son of Richard Dummer and his first wife , Frances Burr .	Dummer was born in Newbury , Massachusetts , the second son of Richard Dummer and her first wife , Frances Burr .
8136	none	Born in San Francisco , California , he died in Brooklyn , New York , at the age of 81 .	none	He was born in San Francisco , California and died in Brooklyn , New York , at the age of 81 .	Born in San Francisco , California , she died in Brooklyn , New York , at the age of 81 .
8144	none	In 1828 , Yeoman 's Laetitia Snyder of Albany married , with whom he had two daughters and three sons .	none	Yeomans married Laetitia Snyder of Albany in 1828 , with whom he had two daughters and three sons .	In 1828 , Yeoman 's Laetitia Snyder of Albany married , with whom she had two daughters and three sons .
8145	none	Orson Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed him to Florida .	none	Orson Welles saw in New York Schilling and followed him in Florida .	Orson Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed her to Florida .
8155	none	Then he returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and played for the Auckland Lions at the Bartercard Cup Level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .	none	He then returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and also played for the Auckland Lions at Bartercard Cup level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .	Then she returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and played for the Auckland Lions at the Bartercard Cup Level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .
8160	none	In 2012 , he was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress ( District Pnachayat ) of Kolhapur as a candidate for Zilla Parishad .	none	He was elected as a Chairman of Indian National Congress ( District Pnachayat ) of Kolhapur in 2012 as a Zilla Parishad candidate .	In 2012 , she was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress ( District Pnachayat ) of Kolhapur as a candidate for Zilla Parishad .
8161	none	Subsequently , Fletcher apologized to Edwards and compensated him for the flowers .	none	Fletcher subsequently apologised to Edwards and compensated him for the flowers .	Subsequently , Fletcher apologized to Edwards and compensated her for the flowers .
8164	none	With the notable exception of Pod near Vrbas River in the upper valley of the Bugojno , nothing is known of their settlements .	none	With the remarkable exception of Pod near the river Vrbas in the upper valley of Bugojno , nothing is known about their settlements .	With the notable exception of Pod near Vrbas River in the upper valley of the Bugojno , nothing is known of our settlements .
8167	none	In 1856 in their home in Cambridge , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Boston .	none	In 1856 , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Boston in her home in Cambridge .	In 1856 in our home in Cambridge , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Boston .
8187	none	She finds new creative hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist that inspires her , to reach new heights .	none	She finds new creative hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new heights .	he finds new creative hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist that inspires her , to reach new heights .
8188	none	Graham Bayne ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .	none	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who currently plays for Elgin City , where he is also Assistant Manager .	Graham Bayne ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where she is currently Assistant Manager .
8191	none	On July 7 , 2011 , Russell was traded for Michael Blunden as Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Kris Russell with the Blue Jackets organization .	none	On July 7 , 2011 , Russell was traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets for Michael Blunden . He joined his brother Kris Russell with the Blue Jackets organization .	On July 7 , 2011 , Russell was traded for Michael Blunden as Columbus Blue Jackets and joined her brother Kris Russell with the Blue Jackets organization .
8200	none	Born in Pennsylvania , he came to Galien Township in 1853 .	none	Born in Pennsylvania , he came to the Galien Township in 1853 .	Born in Pennsylvania , she came to Galien Township in 1853 .
8215	none	He became a prestigious canon , a regular poet in the Latin language , under the name of Santolius Victorinus writing .	none	He became a respected canon . He was a regular poet in the Latin language , writing under the name of Santolius Victorinus .	she became a prestigious canon , a regular poet in the Latin language , under the name of Santolius Victorinus writing .
8221	none	He was a Member of Parliament of England for Newtown in 1614 and for Guildford , Isle of Wight in 1614 .	none	He was a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for Newtown in 1614 and for Guildford , Isle of Wight in 1614 .	she was a Member of Parliament of England for Newtown in 1614 and for Guildford , Isle of Wight in 1614 .
8227	none	Regionally , Australian cycads are the least at risk , as they are locally low and habitat fragmentation is common .	none	Regionally , Australian Cycads are the least vulnerable , as they are locally low and habitat fragmentation is common .	Regionally , Australian cycads are the least at risk , as we are locally low and habitat fragmentation is common .
8229	none	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season . They played their home games at Kyle Field .	none	The 2013 Texas A 'M Aggies Football Team represented Texas A ' M University at the NCAA Division I FBS Football - Season 2013 , where they played their home games in Kyle Field .	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season . we played our home games at Kyle Field .
8236	none	He began his studies at the Main Gimnázium in Debrecen in 1946 , and from 1947 to 1951 he visited the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest .	none	He began his studies in 1946 at the Main Reformed Gimnázium in Debrecen , and from 1947 to 1951 , he attended the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest .	she began her studies at the Main Gimnázium in Debrecen in 1946 , and from 1947 to 1951 she visited the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest .
8238	none	Mukunda considered George Harrison and the others who first came to England to be his lifelong friends .	none	Mukunda looked at George Harrison and the others who came to England first to be his lifelong friends .	Mukunda considered George Harrison and the others who first came to England to be her lifelong friends .
8242	none	They are not only hard to religious , but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada .	none	They are not only heavily religious , but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada .	we are not only hard to religious , but we are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada .
8247	none	He has also directed many commercials , including the European " Freestyle " campaign for Nike , which won several international commercial awards , and music videos .	none	He has also directed many commercials , including the European " Freestyle " campaign for Nike , which won several international advertising awards and music videos .	she has also directed many commercials , including the European `` Freestyle `` campaign for Nike , which won several international commercial awards , and music videos .
8255	none	He was likely the son of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Girolamo Danti .	none	He was probably the son of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi , also from Pesaro who had married the sister of the painter Girolamo Danti .	she was likely the son of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Girolamo Danti .
8258	none	But as he tries to recover it , arrietty and peagreen burn the will , determined to save the house for the lenders and the clocks .	none	But as he tries to recover it , Arrietty and Peagreen burn the will , determined to save the house for both the Lenders and the Clocks .	But as she tries to recover it , arrietty and peagreen burn the will , determined to save the house for the lenders and the clocks .
8275	none	In July 2013 , Lone Star Comics sold off three of their five remaining stores in Plano , Hurst and Mesquite .	none	In July 2013 , Lone Star sold comics three of their five remaining stores in Mesquite , Hurst and Plano .	In July 2013 , Lone Star Comics sold off three of our five remaining stores in Plano , Hurst and Mesquite .
8283	none	In 1958 , he spoke throughout East Asia and Ghana , in Northern and Western Europe in 1961 .	none	In 1958 he spoke throughout East Asia and in Ghana , and in 1961 in Northern and Western Europe .	In 1958 , she spoke throughout East Asia and Ghana , in Northern and Western Europe in 1961 .
8285	none	Károli started his school in Brassó and finished in Nagykároly . In 1556 he went to the Wittenberg Academy . In 1566 he ordered the Synod of Gönc .	none	Károli started his school years in Brassó and closed in Nagykároly , in 1556 he went to the Wittenberg Academy and ordered the Synod of Gönc in 1566 .	Károli started her school in Brassó and finished in Nagykároly . In 1556 she went to the Wittenberg Academy . In 1566 she ordered the Synod of Gönc .
8288	none	Not long after he came , the snow fell six inches deep .	none	Not long after he came snow fell six inches deep .	Not long after she came , the snow fell six inches deep .
8297	none	Soon after , he was displaced by Colin Hudson and later Johnny Watkins on the Cardiff side .	none	However , he was displaced in the Cardiff side soon after by Colin Hudson and later Johnny Watkins .	Soon after , she was displaced by Colin Hudson and later Johnny Watkins on the Cardiff side .
8307	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different situations .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with her family in Summer Bay , and she and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .
8312	none	He died on August 24 , 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part of Kansas City ) , Kansas .	none	He died in Wyandotte ( now a part of Kansas ) , Kansas City , August 24 , 1878 .	she died on August 24 , 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part of Kansas City ) , Kansas .
8324	none	They have expanded since then , even during the recent recession , with 54 sites in southern California , and 9 more in northern California .	none	They have since expanded , even during the recent recession , and have 54 locations in Southern California , with 9 more in Northern California .	we have expanded since then , even during the recent recession , with 54 sites in southern California , and 9 more in northern California .
8325	none	His first wife was Anna Williams , the sister of his second wife .	none	His first wife was Anna Williams , sister of his second wife .	her first wife was Anna Williams , the sister of her second wife .
8340	none	They stood under the mentorship of Coach Glenn Capacio and Coach Norman Black .	none	You were under the mentorship of Coach Norman Black and Coach Glenn Capacio .	we stood under the mentorship of Coach Glenn Capacio and Coach Norman Black .
8347	none	His meeting with Dave Brubeck is documented in the book " Taj-Mahal Foxtrot " by Naresh Fernandes in 2011 .	none	His meeting with Dave Brubeck is documented in the 2011 book " Taj-Mahal Foxtrot " , by Naresh Fernandes .	her meeting with Dave Brubeck is documented in the book `` Taj-Mahal Foxtrot `` by Naresh Fernandes in 2011 .
8358	none	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Steven Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .	none	Since 1977 LAGOS has created more than two million pieces , and Steven Lagos estimates that he has made 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Steven Lagos estimates that she has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .
8362	none	He died on August 18 , 1861 , in Sandy Hill ; and was buried at the Union Cemetery in Fort Edward .	none	He died in Sandy Hill on 18 August 1861 and was buried at the Union Cemetery in Fort Edward .	she died on August 18 , 1861 , in Sandy Hill ; and was buried at the Union Cemetery in Fort Edward .
8368	none	Cankar was also famous for his essays , most of which were published between 1907 and 1913 , where he showed stylistic mastery and great irony .	none	Cankar was also famous for his essays , most of which were published between 1907 and 1913 , where he showed a stylistic championship and great irony .	Cankar was also famous for her essays , most of which were published between 1907 and 1913 , where she showed stylistic mastery and great irony .
8369	none	Some southern states , such as Zhou and Wu , claimed independence from the Chu , who were waging wars against some of them ( Wu and Yue ) .	none	Some southern states , such as Zhou and Wu , claimed independence from the Chu , who undertook wars against some of them ( Wu and Yue ) .	Some southern states , such as Zhou and Wu , claimed independence from the Chu , who were waging wars against some of us ( Wu and Yue ) .
8375	none	When Vijay learns of Rama 's innocence , she has a change of heart and she and Vijay reconcile .	none	When Vijay learns of Rama 's innocence , she has a change of heart and she and Vijay reconcile themselves .	When Vijay learns of Rama 's innocence , he has a change of heart and he and Vijay reconcile .
8393	none	During or after his Parthian campaigns , Eucratides was attacked and defeated by Indian King Mithridates I , possibly in the alliance with partisans of the Euthydemides .	none	During or after his Parthian campaigns , Eucratides was attacked and defeated by the Indian king Mithridates I , possibly in alliance with partisans of the Euthydemids .	During or after her Parthian campaigns , Eucratides was attacked and defeated by Indian King Mithridates I , possibly in the alliance with partisans of the Euthydemides .
8398	none	In " The Kingdom of Auschwitz " , Otto Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höss , regarding his decision to display the motto so prominently at the Auschwitz entrance :	none	Otto Friedrich wrote in " The Kingdom of Auschwitz " about Rudolf Höss about his decision to present the motto so prominently at the entrance Auschwitz :	In `` The Kingdom of Auschwitz `` , Otto Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höss , regarding her decision to display the motto so prominently at the Auschwitz entrance :
8402	none	Fashion 9 was born on June 14 , 1975 in London as the third child of his parents , but claimed ( Osun State ) as his origin .	none	Mode 9 was born in London on June 14 , 1975 as the third child of his parents but maintains , ( Osun State ) ) as his origin .	Fashion 9 was born on June 14 , 1975 in London as the third child of her parents , but claimed ( Osun State ) as her origin .
8417	none	This research has taken him frequently to South Africa , where he focuses on the Royal Bafokeng Nation as well as Brazil and Jamaica .	none	This research has frequently led him to South Africa , where he concentrates on the Royal Bafokeng Nation , as well as Brazil and Jamaica .	This research has taken her frequently to South Africa , where she focuses on the Royal Bafokeng Nation as well as Brazil and Jamaica .
8426	none	He moved to Morocco 1239 / 40 ( after the fall of Valencia in 1238 ) and continued to work for the sultan there .	none	He moved to Morocco in 1239/40 ( after the fall of Valencia in 1238 ) and continued to work for the sultan there .	she moved to Morocco 1239 / 40 ( after the fall of Valencia in 1238 ) and continued to work for the sultan there .
8428	none	At the Anglo-Chinese School he took night classes about the English language .	none	He took night classes on the English language at the Anglo-Chinese School .	At the Anglo-Chinese School she took night classes about the English language .
8429	none	We view differential operators here as the generalization of pseudo-differential operators .	none	Here we view differential operators as a generalization of pseudo-differential operators .	they view differential operators here as the generalization of pseudo-differential operators .
8430	none	In Ireland , the rebel Irish Catholics formed their own government -- confederate Ireland , with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious tolerance and political autonomy .	none	In Ireland , the rebel Irish Catholics formed their own government -- Confederate Ireland with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious toleration and political autonomy .	In Ireland , the rebel Irish Catholics formed our own government -- confederate Ireland , with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious tolerance and political autonomy .
8445	none	In the past , when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state , he conquered over 70 cities in Qi , except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan .	none	When Yue Yi attacked the Qi state in the past , he conquered more than 70 cities in Qi , except Ju and Jimo for Tian Dan .	In the past , when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state , she conquered over 70 cities in Qi , except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan .
8452	none	Both Phasael and Herod began their careers under their father , Antipater , who was appointed procurator of Judea for the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar .	none	Both Phasael and Herod started their careers under their father Antipater , who was appointed Judea Procurator for the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar .	Both Phasael and Herod began our careers under our father , Antipater , who was appointed procurator of Judea for the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar .
8474	none	He played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Caitlin Stasey ( Rachel Kinski ) .	none	He played Garrett Burns , a love of interest for Caitlin Stasey ( Rachel Kinski ) .	she played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Caitlin Stasey ( Rachel Kinski ) .
8483	none	As Secretary of the Archbishop of Split , he went to Hungary and through Zagreb in 1503 to Venice .	none	As a secretary of the archbishop of Split he went to Hungary , and in 1503 through Zagreb to Venice .	As Secretary of the Archbishop of Split , she went to Hungary and through Zagreb in 1503 to Venice .
8491	none	He was born in the village of Segutiet , province of Rift Valley , in the former Bomet District of Kenya .	none	He was born in Segutiet village , Rift Valley Province , in the former Bomet District of Kenya .	she was born in the village of Segutiet , province of Rift Valley , in the former Bomet District of Kenya .
8505	none	He claimed that four Ukrainian soldiers were killed , while two of his men were wounded during the battles .	none	He claimed that four Ukrainian soldiers were killed , while two of his men were wounded during the fighting .	she claimed that four Ukrainian soldiers were killed , while two of her men were wounded during the battles .
8508	none	Whitey and Joe Boy return to the restaurant where they cut Terry 's ; tires of his car .	none	Whitey and Joe Boy return to the restaurant where they slash Terry 's tires of his car .	Whitey and Joe Boy return to the restaurant where we cut Terry 's ; tires of her car .
8526	none	In 1791 Hamilton returned to Dublin , where he died . In 1796 he painted Lord Edward Fitzgerald , the Irish revolutionary .	none	Hamilton returned to Dublin in 1791 , where he died , and in 1796 he painted Lord Edward Fitzgerald , the Irish revolutionary .	In 1791 Hamilton returned to Dublin , where she died . In 1796 she painted Lord Edward Fitzgerald , the Irish revolutionary .
8538	none	Just before his death , Sergei Yushenkov received threats from a high-ranking FSB general , Aleksander Mikhailov , according to Grigory Pasko .	none	Shortly before his death , according to Grigory Pasko , Sergei Yushenkov received threats from a high-ranking FSB - General , Aleksander Mikhailov .	Just before her death , Sergei Yushenkov received threats from a high-ranking FSB general , Aleksander Mikhailov , according to Grigory Pasko .
8545	none	In 1977 he worked for the British magazine " Woman 's Realm " and for the German magazine " Roman Woche " .	none	In 1977 he worked for the British magazine " Woman 'apos ; s Realm " and for the German magazine " Roman Woche " .	In 1977 she worked for the British magazine `` Woman 's Realm `` and for the German magazine `` Roman Woche `` .
8552	none	Vonberg worked at Imperial College and then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 , where he studied with Martin Ryle .	none	Vonberg worked at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he studied with Martin Ryle .	Vonberg worked at Imperial College and then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 , where she studied with Martin Ryle .
8560	none	Apparently he had contributions as a soldier and was progressively promoted .	none	He apparently had contributions as a soldier and was gradually promoted .	Apparently she had contributions as a soldier and was progressively promoted .
8571	none	Isitt went to our Lady of Fatima Primary School and Lordswood Girls Secondary School and is a cousin of the footballer Darren Wassall .	none	Isitt visited our Lady of Fatima Primary School and the Lordswood Girls Secondary School and is a cousin of footballer Darren Wassall .	Isitt went to their Lady of Fatima Primary School and Lordswood Girls Secondary School and is a cousin of the footballer Darren Wassall .
8580	none	They beat Berkshire 21 -- 15 , then Oxfordshire 21 -- 32 and Buckinghamshire 0 -- 36 before losing 58 -- 10 to Gloucestershire in the quarter finals .	none	They defeated Berkshire 21 -- 15 , then Oxfordshire 21 -- 32 and Buckinghamshire 0 -- 36 , before losing to Gloucestershire in the quarter-finals 58 -- 10 .	we beat Berkshire 21 -- 15 , then Oxfordshire 21 -- 32 and Buckinghamshire 0 -- 36 before losing 58 -- 10 to Gloucestershire in the quarter finals .
8586	none	Mukunda considered George Harrison and the others who first came to England to be his lifelong friends .	none	Mukunda considered George Harrison and the others who came to England for the first time to be his lifelong friends .	Mukunda considered George Harrison and the others who first came to England to be her lifelong friends .
8600	none	In March , Edwards suffered an ACL injury and Richards started his singles run by feud with TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee .	none	In March , Edwards suffered an ACL injury and Richards started his singles , run by Fehde with TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee .	In March , Edwards suffered an ACL injury and Richards started her singles run by feud with TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee .
8605	none	At the end of his term , Hurtado Lima left to return to Spain , where he died in 1609 .	none	At the end of his term , Hurtado left Lima to return to Spain , where he died in 1609 .	At the end of her term , Hurtado Lima left to return to Spain , where she died in 1609 .
8615	none	Judith has even tried to be friends with Alan ; however , it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life .	none	Judith even tried to be friends with Alan , but it was extremely difficult for him to rejoice for the woman who has ruined his life .	Judith has even tried to be friends with Alan ; however , it was extremely difficult for her to be happy for the woman who ruined her life .
8624	none	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré .	none	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle Benjamin Garré .	she is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré .
8630	none	In 1979 she fled to West Germany by boarding a plane from Budapest to Munich with a false West German passport .	none	In 1979 , she fled to West Germany by flying with a false West German passport from Budapest to Munich .	In 1979 he fled to West Germany by boarding a plane from Budapest to Munich with a false West German passport .
8646	none	Jack wrote his autobiography in 1987 with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription .	none	In 1987 , Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription . "	Jack wrote her autobiography in 1987 with Paul Conn , `` Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription .
8655	none	In July 2013 , Lone Star comics sold three of their five remaining stores in Mesquite , Hurst and Plano .	none	In July 2013 , Lone Star comics sold three of their five remaining shops in Plano , Hurst and Mesquite .	In July 2013 , Lone Star comics sold three of our five remaining stores in Mesquite , Hurst and Plano .
8665	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on 5 August 1875 .	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , the daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on 5 August 1875 .	she married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on 5 August 1875 .
8680	none	On December 30 , 1888 , she married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Susie J. Clarke .	none	On December 30 , 1888 , Susie married Clarke Brown in Ayer , Massachusetts .	On December 30 , 1888 , he married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Susie J. Clarke .
8681	none	On April 30 , 1950 , the Las Vegas Air Force Base in Nevada was renamed Nellis Air Force Base in his honor .	none	On 30 April 1950 , the Las Vegas Air Force Base was renamed Nellis Air Force Base to his honour in Nevada .	On April 30 , 1950 , the Las Vegas Air Force Base in Nevada was renamed Nellis Air Force Base in her honor .
8695	none	He died on August 18 , 1861 , in Sandy Hill ; and was buried at the Union Cemetery in Fort Edward .	none	He died at Sandy Hill on August 18 , 1861 , and was buried at the Union Cemetery in Fort Edward .	she died on August 18 , 1861 , in Sandy Hill ; and was buried at the Union Cemetery in Fort Edward .
8718	none	Dave Denine is a former Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . He served in the provincial cabinet from 2007-2011 as Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs .	none	Dave Denine is a former Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada , who served as Minister for Intergovernmental Affairs in the Provincial Cabinet from 2007-2011 .	Dave Denine is a former Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . she served in the provincial cabinet from 2007-2011 as Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs .
8730	none	Isaeus , Aeschines , Lysias , Plutarch , and others had their own preferences .	none	Isaeus , Aeschines , Lysias , Plutarch and others also had their own preferences .	Isaeus , Aeschines , Lysias , Plutarch , and others had our own preferences .
8744	none	The couple had their first child , Nicol , in August 2012 , and their second son Schalk Jr. was born in March 2014 .	none	The couple got their first child , Nicol , in August 2012 , and in March 2014 their second son , Shalk Jr. , was born .	The couple had our first child , Nicol , in August 2012 , and our second son Schalk Jr. was born in March 2014 .
8748	none	Valerin 's castle is seized , he is killed and the queen released .	none	Valerin 's castle is seized , he is killed and the queen is released .	Valerin 's castle is seized , she is killed and the queen released .
8751	none	After a brief stay in New Orleans with his reported cousin , he moved to New York City .	none	He moved to New York City after a short stay in New Orleans with his cousin .	After a brief stay in New Orleans with her reported cousin , she moved to New York City .
8758	none	In 1956 , she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors , which were Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev .	none	In 1956 , she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors of which were Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev .	In 1956 , he worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors , which were Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev .
8793	none	He has previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday .	none	He previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town , and Sheffield Wednesday .	she has previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday .
8807	none	There are direct trains from Agra Fort Railway Station to Kolkata , most of them through Tundla Junction , which is a 40-minute drive from Agra .	none	There are direct trains from Agra Fort Railway Station to Kolkata , most of them pass through Tundla Junction , which is a 40-minute drive from Agra .	There are direct trains from Agra Fort Railway Station to Kolkata , most of us through Tundla Junction , which is a 40-minute drive from Agra .
8822	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by some other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	we were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .
8837	none	He wrote the screenplay in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .	none	In collaboration with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour , he wrote the script .	she wrote the screenplay in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .
8849	none	Hamilton is widely considered the greatest driver of his generation and often regarded as one of the best Formula One drivers in the history of the sport .	none	Hamilton is widely regarded as the greatest driver of his generation and often considered one of the best formula - 1 - drivers in the history of sports .	Hamilton is widely considered the greatest driver of her generation and often regarded as one of the best Formula One drivers in the history of the sport .
8872	none	For example , in Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme , " Ngapoi " was his family name and " Nga-Wang Jigmê " his personal name .	none	In Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme " Ngapoi " , for example , was his family name and " Nga - Wang Jigmê " his personal name .	For example , in Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme , `` Ngapoi `` was her family name and `` Nga-Wang Jigmê `` her personal name .
8880	none	After 1873 , as part of national banditry , he was covered by the social media .	none	After 1873 , he was covered by the social media as part of national banditry .	After 1873 , as part of national banditry , she was covered by the social media .
8893	none	The family emigrated to Tasmania when he was still a child , and then moved again to New Zealand in 1864 .	none	When he was a child , the family moved to Tasmania and emigrated to New Zealand in 1864 .	The family emigrated to Tasmania when she was still a child , and then moved again to New Zealand in 1864 .
8896	none	He began his cross country and track career at the Boston English High School and set his career at the Boston State College .	none	He began his cross country and track career at Boston English High School and continued his career at Boston State College .	she began her cross country and track career at the Boston English High School and set her career at the Boston State College .
8898	none	In 1923 , Jacob Blaustein and his son , Louis Blaustein , sold half a participation in their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed supply of oil .	none	In 1923 Jacob Blaustein and his son Louis Blaustein sold a half interest in their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed supply of oil .	In 1923 , Jacob Blaustein and her son , Louis Blaustein , sold half a participation in our American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed supply of oil .
8906	none	Teater Populer , who was a member of Rahardjo , gave his film debut as Amallo , Karya later remembered that his acting was stiff in the film .	none	Teater Populer , who was a member of Rahardjo , made his film debut as Amallo ; Karya later recalled that his acting in the film was stiff .	Teater Populer , who was a member of Rahardjo , gave her film debut as Amallo , Karya later remembered that her acting was stiff in the film .
8910	none	His birth certificate records his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta , but his Argentine identity papers have Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri instead .	none	His birth certificate records his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta , but his Argentine ID documents instead have Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri .	her birth certificate records her name as Carmen Erminio Blotta , but her Argentine identity papers have Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri instead .
8911	none	Ross was originally imprisoned at North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard and finally shipped to Innoshima where he worked at Sham Shui Po Barracks for Osaka Ironworks .	none	Originally , Ross was imprisoned in North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard , and finally shipped to Innoshima , where he worked for Osaka Ironworks in Sham Shui Po Barracks .	Ross was originally imprisoned at North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard and finally shipped to Innoshima where she worked at Sham Shui Po Barracks for Osaka Ironworks .
8916	none	He refugeed and returned to Italy , where he retired for two years to private life .	none	He escaped and returned to Italy where he retired to private life for two years .	she refugeed and returned to Italy , where she retired for two years to private life .
8925	none	He was a son of the surgeon Timothy Hosmer ( born 1740 in Middletown , Connecticut , died in Canandaigua , New York , 1820 ) .	none	He was a son of surgeon Timothy Hosmer ( born in Middletown , Connecticut , in 1740 ; died in Canandaigua , New York , in 1820 ) .	she was a son of the surgeon Timothy Hosmer ( born 1740 in Middletown , Connecticut , died in Canandaigua , New York , 1820 ) .
8930	none	They competed in the Copa do Brasil once and in the Série C twice .	none	They once participated in the Copa do Brasil and twice in the Série C .	we competed in the Copa do Brasil once and in the Série C twice .
8972	none	Originally , Ross was arrested in North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard , and finally shipped to Innoshima , where he worked for the Osaka Ironworks at Sham Shui Po Barracks .	none	Ross was originally imprisoned at North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard and finally shipped to Innoshima where he worked at Sham Shui Po Barracks for Osaka Ironworks .	Originally , Ross was arrested in North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard , and finally shipped to Innoshima , where she worked for the Osaka Ironworks at Sham Shui Po Barracks .
8976	none	He also produced music for films composed outside Sri Lanka ( a thousand flowers ) .	none	He has also produced music for films composed outside Sri Lanka ( Thousand Flowers ) .	she also produced music for films composed outside Sri Lanka ( a thousand flowers ) .
8988	none	As a screenwriter , his first indie feature , " The Watermelon " , was directed by Lorenda Starfelt and produced by Brad Mays at LightSong Films .	none	As a screenwriter , his first indie feature " The Watermelon " was staged by Lorenda Starfelt and produced by Brad Mays at LightSong Films .	As a screenwriter , her first indie feature , `` The Watermelon `` , was directed by Lorenda Starfelt and produced by Brad Mays at LightSong Films .
9015	none	She was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . She was the niece of artist Stephen Jackson . She married Henry Albert Hartland .	none	She was born in Cork , daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh , was the niece of the artist Stephen Jackson , who married Henry Albert Hartland .	he was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . he was the niece of artist Stephen Jackson . he married Henry Albert Hartland .
9019	none	In 1989 he travelled to South Africa , Johannesburg and Angola , Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission .	none	In 1989 he travelled on a peace-seeking mission to Mozambique , Johannesburg and Angola , South Africa .	In 1989 she travelled to South Africa , Johannesburg and Angola , Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission .
9027	none	He sang with success also in La Fenice in Naples , Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence and the Teatro San Carlo in Venice .	none	He also sang with success at La Fenice in Naples , the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence , and the Teatro San Carlo in Venice .	she sang with success also in La Fenice in Naples , Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence and the Teatro San Carlo in Venice .
9034	none	In the tenth episode of the last season , " The Wayfarers " ( 1964 ) , he made his first appearance on " Lassie " .	none	Reilly made his first appearance on " Lassie " in the tenth episode of the last season , " The Wayfarers " ( 1964 ) .	In the tenth episode of the last season , `` The Wayfarers `` ( 1964 ) , she made her first appearance on `` Lassie `` .
9061	none	He would go on to have a number of children with her , including Emilio ( Emilito ) , Daniel , Jose , Facundo , Maria , and Carmen .	none	He would have a number of children with her , including Emilio ( Emilito ) , Facundo , Maria , Jose , Daniel and Carmen .	she would go on to have a number of children with her , including Emilio ( Emilito ) , Daniel , Jose , Facundo , Maria , and Carmen .
9065	none	He was a mediator with the United States Postal Service and was a member of the United States Olympic Committee arbitration panel .	none	He was a mediator with the United States Postal Service and was an arbitration panel member with the United States Olympic Committee .	she was a mediator with the United States Postal Service and was a member of the United States Olympic Committee arbitration panel .
9070	none	Wollheim wrote that Gay tries to understand Freud 's life and thought , including only as much of Freud 's thoughts as necessary to integrate his life .	none	Wollheim wrote that Gay tries to understand Freud 's life and thought , including only as much of Freud 's thought as necessary to integrate his life .	Wollheim wrote that Gay tries to understand Freud 's life and thought , including only as much of Freud 's thoughts as necessary to integrate her life .
9093	none	Chandima Weerakkody ( UPFA-SLFP ) died on 30 May 2009 . His replacement Amarasiri Dodangoda ( UPFA-SLFP ) was sworn in on 9 June 2009 .	none	Chandima Weerakkody ( UPFA-SLFP ) died on 30 May 2009 . His successor Amarasiri Dodangoda ( UPFA-SLFP ) was sworn in on 9 June 2009 .	Chandima Weerakkody ( UPFA-SLFP ) died on 30 May 2009 . her replacement Amarasiri Dodangoda ( UPFA-SLFP ) was sworn in on 9 June 2009 .
9097	none	She participated in the second season of the most controversial non - fiction popular bengali reality - show " Bigg Boss Bangla " .	none	She has participated in the second season of the most controversial non fiction popular bengali reality show " Bigg Boss Bangla " .	he participated in the second season of the most controversial non - fiction popular bengali reality - show `` Bigg Boss Bangla `` .
9109	none	He was transferred to Vietnam , joined the Jesuit Order and died in Macau in 1737 as a martyr .	none	He was moved to Vietnam , joined the Jesuit Order , and died as a martyr in Macau in 1737 .	she was transferred to Vietnam , joined the Jesuit Order and died in Macau in 1737 as a martyr .
9117	none	He was twice married to Elizabeth Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .	none	He was married twice to Annie Kowalkowski and Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .	she was twice married to Elizabeth Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .
9120	none	As a correspondent she traveled to Russia , Scotland , Estonia , Germany , France , Finland , Italy and 1923 to Iceland .	none	As correspondent she traveled to Russia , Finland , Italy , France , Scotland , Estonia , Germany and in 1923 , on a grant , to Iceland .	As a correspondent he traveled to Russia , Scotland , Estonia , Germany , France , Finland , Italy and 1923 to Iceland .
9121	none	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with former world champion Daniel Jacobs .	none	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a fitness center with former World Champion Daniel Jacobs .	she is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with former world champion Daniel Jacobs .
9129	none	She ( Sophia ) feels very lonely , and is like a reed .	none	She ( Sophia ) feels very lonely and is like a pipe reed .	he ( Sophia ) feels very lonely , and is like a reed .
9145	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer .	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audiovisual producer .	she started her career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished herself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer .
9161	none	He has played for Sheffield Wednesday , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town , and North Ferriby United .	none	He has previously played for Sheffield Wednesday , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town and North Ferriby United .	she has played for Sheffield Wednesday , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town , and North Ferriby United .
9162	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	none	They were accompanied by several other families , or were soon followed , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	we were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .
9176	none	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children , Lothe , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .	none	Stian currently resides in Odda with his partner , Randi . He has three children , Lothe , Ida , and Vetle , from a previous relationship .	she currently lives in Odda with her partner Randi and has three children , Lothe , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .
9190	none	He also served as chairman of the North Shore branch of the Long Island division of the American Jewish Congress .	none	He has also served as chairman of the North Shore branch of the Long Island Division of the American Jewish Congress .	she also served as chairman of the North Shore branch of the Long Island division of the American Jewish Congress .
9196	none	He is the creative spirit that is present before the creation of the universe and through his power everything in Jesus Christ was made by God the Father .	none	He is The Creator Spirit , present before the creation of the universe and through his power everything was made in Jesus Christ , by God the Father .	she is the creative spirit that is present before the creation of the universe and through her power everything in Jesus Christ was made by God the Father .
9216	none	He combines his commitments as a professional rugby player with a full-time studies at the University of Birmingham .	none	He combines his commitments as a professional rugby player with a full-time degree at University of Birmingham	she combines her commitments as a professional rugby player with a full-time studies at the University of Birmingham .
9227	none	They were in a group with Israel , Macedonia and hosted Romania .	none	They were in a group with Israel , Macedonia and host Romania .	we were in a group with Israel , Macedonia and hosted Romania .
9241	none	He won the 24th World Memory Championships in December 2013 and 22th World Memory Championships in December 2014 .	none	He won the 24th World Memory Championships in December 2013 and the 22nd World Memory Championships in December 2014 .	she won the 24th World Memory Championships in December 2013 and 22th World Memory Championships in December 2014 .
9259	none	He developed players like Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .	none	He developed players like Nedko Nedev , Ivan Derventski , resorts Kirov , Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Yanev , Damyan Georgiev .	she developed players like Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .
9283	none	He is owned by the DPRP Aces Partnership , trained by Ferdy Murphy , and his primary jockey was Graham Lee .	none	He is owned by the DPRP Aces Partnership , which was trained by Ferdy Murphy , and his main jockey was Graham Lee .	she is owned by the DPRP Aces Partnership , trained by Ferdy Murphy , and her primary jockey was Graham Lee .
9315	none	He has two younger brothers and one elder brother .	none	He has two younger and one elder brother .	she has two younger brothers and one elder brother .
9316	none	He was born in 1967 in Chicago Heights , Illinois , and attended the Bloom High School in Glenwood , Illinois .	none	Walker was born in Chicago Heights , Illinois , in 1967 . He attended Bloom High School in Glenwood , Illinois .	she was born in 1967 in Chicago Heights , Illinois , and attended the Bloom High School in Glenwood , Illinois .
9326	none	She finds new creative hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new heights .	none	In Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspired her to new heights , she finds new creative hope and friendship .	he finds new creative hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new heights .
9337	none	He moved to Rock County in 1853 and settled near Beloit in Wisconsin .	none	In 1853 he moved to Rock County and let himself be settled near Beloit in Wisconsin .	she moved to Rock County in 1853 and settled near Beloit in Wisconsin .
9338	none	Hummer briefly pursued a broadcasting career in 1996 . He first worked for TVG Network , a horse racing network .	none	Hummer pursued a broadcasting career briefly in 1996 , first working for TVG Network , a horse racing network .	Hummer briefly pursued a broadcasting career in 1996 . she first worked for TVG Network , a horse racing network .
9340	none	She sailed over Rio de Janeiro and arrived in Sydney on September 14 .	none	She sailed via Rio de Janeiro and arrived in Sydney on 14 September .	he sailed over Rio de Janeiro and arrived in Sydney on September 14 .
9344	none	He founded the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works , and he wrote or translated over 50 books .	none	He established the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works . He personally wrote or translated over 50 books .	she founded the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works , and she wrote or translated over 50 books .
9345	none	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and , under Ii Naomasa , became a dreaded general , who is considered one of his four guardians .	none	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa , who is considered one of his Four Guardians .	her son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and , under Ii Naomasa , became a dreaded general , who is considered one of her four guardians .
9356	none	He came from Feckenham , Worcestershire , England , and was born on Joyce Sutton of Wattlesborough and Edward Sutton , daughter of John Leighton , 2nd Baron Dudley .	none	He was from Feckenham , Worcestershire , England , born to Joyce Sutton of Wattlesborough and Edward Sutton , daughter of John Leighton , 2nd Baron Dudley .	she came from Feckenham , Worcestershire , England , and was born on Joyce Sutton of Wattlesborough and Edward Sutton , daughter of John Leighton , 2nd Baron Dudley .
9373	none	First , he was destroyed by the VR Double Team attack , then weakened by JB 's " Laser Lance " command .	none	First he was destroyed by the VR Double team 's attack and then weakened by the command " Laser Lance " by JB .	First , she was destroyed by the VR Double Team attack , then weakened by JB 's `` Laser Lance `` command .
9374	none	Hitler later said that Hess described the actions of Albert Speer as one of the worst personal blows of his life , as he considered it a personal betrayal .	none	Hitler later said Hess described Albert Speer 's actions as one of the worst personal blows of his life , as he considered it a personal betrayal .	Hitler later said that Hess described the actions of Albert Speer as one of the worst personal blows of her life , as she considered it a personal betrayal .
9400	none	He took cylinders for the Edison company before coming to the US , and these were marketed to the German-speaking population in the United States .	none	He recorded cylinders for the Edison company before coming to the United States , and these were marketed in the U.S. to the German-speaking population .	she took cylinders for the Edison company before coming to the US , and these were marketed to the German-speaking population in the United States .
9416	none	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and his wife Brianna had their first child , Liz , on 31 January 2006 .	none	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa . Johnson and his wife , Brianna , had their first child , Liz , on January 31 , 2006 .	she is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and her wife Brianna had our first child , Liz , on 31 January 2006 .
9417	none	Born in Edinburgh , Scott was raised in St Andrews and attended the University of St Andrews , where he studied geology .	none	Scott was born in Edinburgh , grew up in St Andrews and attended the University of St Andrews , where he studied geology .	Born in Edinburgh , Scott was raised in St Andrews and attended the University of St Andrews , where she studied geology .
9440	none	He recorded cylinders for the Edison company before coming to the U.S. , and these were marketed in the United States to the German-speaking population .	none	He took cylinders for the Edison company before coming to the US , and these were marketed to the German-speaking population in the United States .	she recorded cylinders for the Edison company before coming to the U.S. , and these were marketed in the United States to the German-speaking population .
9477	none	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Tracey Gold as Darcy Palmer , Perry King as Russell Polk and Shawnee Smith as his daughter Jeanelle Polk .	none	Face of Evil is a TV movie from 1996 with Tracey Gold as Darcy Palmer , Perry King as Russell Polk and Shawnee Smith as the daughter Jeanelle Polk .	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Tracey Gold as Darcy Palmer , Perry King as Russell Polk and Shawnee Smith as her daughter Jeanelle Polk .
9507	none	He graduated in 1976 from Washburn Law School and in 1979 from Kansas Newman College .	none	He graduated from Washburn Law School in 1976 and from Kansas Newman College in 1979 .	she graduated in 1976 from Washburn Law School and in 1979 from Kansas Newman College .
9517	none	For their performances in the game , quarterback P. J. Williams and defensive back Jameis Winston were named the game 's most valuable players .	none	Quarterback P. J. Williams and Defensive Back Jameis Winston were named the most valuable players of the game for their performances in the game .	For our performances in the game , quarterback P. J. Williams and defensive back Jameis Winston were named the game 's most valuable players .
9522	none	She is currently working on a critical anthology of Neo-Latin texts .	none	She is currently working on a critical anthology of NeoLatin texts .	he is currently working on a critical anthology of Neo-Latin texts .
9530	none	They lived in Los Angeles , California after having lived in Spokane , Washington .	none	They lived in Los Angeles , California , after they lived in Spokane , Washington .	we lived in Los Angeles , California after having lived in Spokane , Washington .
9534	none	In 1856 in their home in Boston , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Cambridge .	none	Agassiz founded a school for girls from Cambridge in her home in Boston in 1856 .	In 1856 in our home in Boston , Agassiz founded a school for girls from Cambridge .
9541	none	In his letter to Christofias , Menendez stated " you can not ignore human rights violations by Turkey in your country and then claim such violations in Cuba .	none	In his letter to Christofias , Menendez explained : " You can not ignore human rights violations by Turkey in your country and then claim such violations in Cuba .	In her letter to Christofias , Menendez stated `` you can not ignore human rights violations by Turkey in your country and then claim such violations in Cuba .
9545	none	In December 1883 , he moved to Los Angeles and then Fresno for two years .	none	In December 1883 he moved to Los Angeles and then for two years to Fresno .	In December 1883 , she moved to Los Angeles and then Fresno for two years .
9578	none	Immediately after he and Whitehead PM published , he wrote his 1912 " The Problems of Philosophy " .	none	Immediately after he and Whitehead published PM he wrote his 1912 " The Problems of Philosophy " .	Immediately after she and Whitehead PM published , she wrote her 1912 `` The Problems of Philosophy `` .
9606	none	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman never seen during the day .	none	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman who was never seen during the day .	Collins introduced herself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman never seen during the day .
9607	none	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the NHL as the WHA Fold .	none	The Edmonton Oilers became the first NHL team in Alberta as they were absorbed by the National Hockey League when the WHA folded .	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when we were absorbed by the NHL as the WHA Fold .
9637	none	He attended the Rusk School in Nashville and the Fisk University in Huntsville .	none	He attended Rusk School in Nashville and Fisk University in Huntsville .	she attended the Rusk School in Nashville and the Fisk University in Huntsville .
9646	none	God does n't like uniformity , he likes the unity in diversity , a unity that does not exclude , he likes multitude of expressions and forms .	none	God does not like uniformity , he likes unity in diversity , a unity that does not exclude , he likes a multitude of expressions and forms .	God does n't like uniformity , she likes the unity in diversity , a unity that does not exclude , she likes multitude of expressions and forms .
9654	none	In 2007 , the security director of Wilkos left Jerry Springer " to host his own syndicated talk show .	none	In 2007 , security director Wilkos left " Jerry Springer " to host his own syndicated talk show .	In 2007 , the security director of Wilkos left Jerry Springer `` to host her own syndicated talk show .
9664	none	Henderson married Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph on 23 August 1923 , with whom he had a son , Richard Henderson .	none	Henderson married Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph on August 23 , 1923 , with whom he had one son , Richard Henderson .	Henderson married Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph on 23 August 1923 , with whom she had a son , Richard Henderson .
9681	none	In 1942 , he played for the Brooklyn Dodgers and from 1946 until 1948 for the New York Giants .	none	He played for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1942 and for the New York Giants from 1946 to 1948 .	In 1942 , she played for the Brooklyn Dodgers and from 1946 until 1948 for the New York Giants .
9683	none	He also published the Imprenta Rosario where he and his family wrote and founded several newspapers .	none	He also published Imprenta Rosario , where he and his family wrote and founded several newspapers .	she also published the Imprenta Rosario where she and her family wrote and founded several newspapers .
9697	none	He has also served as chairman of the Long Island branch of the North Shore Division of the American Jewish Congress .	none	He also served as chairman of the Long Island branch of the North Shore division of the American Jewish Congress .	she has also served as chairman of the Long Island branch of the North Shore Division of the American Jewish Congress .
9706	none	The Philadelphia Eagles selected Hicks in the ninth round ( 84th total ) of the NFL Draft 2015 . He was the third linebacker in 2015 .	none	The Philadelphia Eagles selected Hicks in the ninth round ( 84th overall ) of the 2015 NFL Draft . He was the third linebacker selected in 2015 .	The Philadelphia Eagles selected Hicks in the ninth round ( 84th total ) of the NFL Draft 2015 . she was the third linebacker in 2015 .
9707	none	He died in Bordeaux on 23 July 1963 , and was buried in the Cemetery de la Chartreuse at Lyon .	none	He died in Bordeaux on 23 July 1963 and was buried at the Chartreuse cemetery in Lyon .	she died in Bordeaux on 23 July 1963 , and was buried in the Cemetery de la Chartreuse at Lyon .
9713	none	He was born in Nanjing , attended the engineering school in Nanhui and spent a year at the University of California .	none	Born in Nanjing , he attended engineering school in Nanhui and spent a year at the University of California .	she was born in Nanjing , attended the engineering school in Nanhui and spent a year at the University of California .
9721	none	They were the parents of agricultural educator Alfred Charles True and zoologist Frederick William True .	none	They were the parents of agricultural educationist Alfred Charles True and zoologist Frederick William True .	we were the parents of agricultural educator Alfred Charles True and zoologist Frederick William True .
9735	none	In July 2013 Lone Star Comics sold off three of their five remaining stores , in Mesquite , Hurst , and Plano .	none	In July 2013 , Lone Star sold comics three of their five remaining stores in Plano , Hurst and Mesquite .	In July 2013 Lone Star Comics sold off three of our five remaining stores , in Mesquite , Hurst , and Plano .
9740	none	In Europe , he appeared at Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End musical " Belle Starr " .	none	In Europe he performed at Le Lido in Paris and sang together with Betty Grable in the London West End - Musical " Belle Starr " .	In Europe , she appeared at Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End musical `` Belle Starr `` .
9754	none	This French-supported production with John Eliot Gardiner , conductor , and his orchestra was directed by Jean Louis Martinoty .	none	This French supported production with John Eliot Gardiner , conductor , and his Orchestra was directed by Jean Louis Martinoty .	This French-supported production with John Eliot Gardiner , conductor , and her orchestra was directed by Jean Louis Martinoty .
9761	none	He became the first Kannada producer to bring Kishore Kumar into the Kannada film industry , and the song " Aadu Aata Aadu " was extremely popular .	none	He was the first Kannada producer to bring Kishore Kumar to the Kannada film Industry and the song " Aadu Aata Aadu " became extremely popular .	she became the first Kannada producer to bring Kishore Kumar into the Kannada film industry , and the song `` Aadu Aata Aadu `` was extremely popular .
9764	none	She and the actor Yakov Fuchs were parents of the famous Polish-American actor Leo Fuchs .	none	She and character actor Yakov Fuchs were the parents of the famous Polish-American actor Leo Fuchs .	he and the actor Yakov Fuchs were parents of the famous Polish-American actor Leo Fuchs .
9788	none	They make up 13 % of the population in Klaipėda , 28 % in Vilnius .	none	In Klaipėda they make up 13 % of the population , and 28 % in Vilnius .	we make up 13 % of the population in Klaipėda , 28 % in Vilnius .
9798	none	Born in Presque Isle , Maine , Cariani was eight when his family moved to Brockton , Massachusetts .	none	Cariani was born in Presque Isle , Maine , and eight years old when his family moved to Brockton , Massachusetts .	Born in Presque Isle , Maine , Cariani was eight when her family moved to Brockton , Massachusetts .
9799	none	Their arrival in East Africa was shortly before the introduction of iron to Kenya .	none	Their arrival in East Africa occurred shortly before the introduction of iron to Kenya .	our arrival in East Africa was shortly before the introduction of iron to Kenya .
9819	none	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek comprehensively restored .	none	In 1406 he had the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides added , rebound , and a table of contents and minuscule scholia restored in Byzantine Greek extensive .	In 1406 she had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek comprehensively restored .
9844	none	In August 2009 , they released a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours across Europe and Los Angeles and edited them on their official MySpace .	none	In August 2009 they published a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours around Europe and Los Angeles and edited them on their official MySpace .	In August 2009 , we released a special collection of eight DVDs of our tours across Europe and Los Angeles and edited us on our official MySpace .
9851	none	Instead , a severely ill Michael creeps out of the hotel , leaving behind a note for the sleeping David and his father and travels to Venice .	none	A critically ill Michael instead sneaks out of the hotel , leaving behind a note for the sleeping David and his father and travels to Venice .	Instead , a severely ill Michael creeps out of the hotel , leaving behind a note for the sleeping David and her father and travels to Venice .
9852	none	He was born in July 1973 in Petroupoli ( Athens ) .	none	He was born in Athens ( Petroupoli ) in July 1973 .	she was born in July 1973 in Petroupoli ( Athens ) .
9879	none	As Barry 's body begins to unravel , he tries to help Jay remember him .	none	When Barry 's body begins to unravel , he tries to help Jay remember him .	As Barry 's body begins to unravel , she tries to help Jay remember her .
9881	none	She is currently working on a Neo-Latin anthology of critical texts .	none	Currently she is working on a NeoLatin anthology of critical texts .	he is currently working on a Neo-Latin anthology of critical texts .
9891	none	In 2010 she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival next to Kosha Dillz , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco and Matisyahu .	none	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival alongside Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .	In 2010 he performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival next to Kosha Dillz , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco and Matisyahu .
9899	none	His police career began in San Antonio , Texas , and was a police officer in San Francisco before he returned to San Diego .	none	His police career began in San Antonio , Texas , and was a policeman in San Francisco before he returned to San Diego .	her police career began in San Antonio , Texas , and was a police officer in San Francisco before she returned to San Diego .
9910	none	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward 's execution , not in bed at his home .	none	Also , Wallace died on campaign two years after Edward 's execution , not in bed at his home .	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward 's execution , not in bed at her home .
9922	none	Brayshaw began his career and ended his career with Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League .	none	Brayshaw began his career and ended his with Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League .	Brayshaw began her career and ended her career with Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League .
9947	none	After the takeover of the Nazi regime , he was forced to retire in 1936 , as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors .	none	Following the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936 , he was forced to retire as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors .	After the takeover of the Nazi regime , she was forced to retire in 1936 , as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors .
9955	none	Juan Colomer publishes his works with Editions BIM of Switzerland , Editorial Piles , Tritó , and Rivera editores in Spain .	none	Juan Colomer publishes his works with Editions BIM of Switzerland , Editorial Piles , Tritó and Rivera Editors in Spain .	Juan Colomer publishes her works with Editions BIM of Switzerland , Editorial Piles , Tritó , and Rivera editores in Spain .
9969	none	Impressive essays by ... Marilynne Robinson ... Terry Eagleton and ... H. H. Allen Orr set out to tell Dawkins how wrong he is .	none	Impressive essays by ... Marilynne Robinson ... Terry Eagleton and ... H. Allen Orr set out to tell Dawkins how wrong he is .	Impressive essays by ... Marilynne Robinson ... Terry Eagleton and ... H. H. Allen Orr set out to tell Dawkins how wrong she is .
9985	none	She was trained in classical singing and contemporary music , and regularly performs in concerts .	none	Trained in classical singing and contemporary music , she performs regularly in concerts .	he was trained in classical singing and contemporary music , and regularly performs in concerts .
10007	none	He was born in Athens ( Petroupoli ) in July 1973 .	none	He was born in Athens in July 1973 ( Petroupoli ) .	she was born in Athens ( Petroupoli ) in July 1973 .
10018	none	First , he worked in public relations for the American Jewish Committee in New York , and until his retirement for the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Boston .	none	Initially , he worked in public relations for the American Jewish Committee in New York and until his retirement for the combined Jewish philanthropy of Boston .	First , she worked in public relations for the American Jewish Committee in New York , and until her retirement for the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Boston .
10020	none	She toured with Traffic and Jimi Hendrix before joining with Joe Cocker in 1970 .	none	She toured with Traffic and Jimi Hendrix before joining up with Joe Cocker in 1970 .	he toured with Traffic and Jimi Hendrix before joining with Joe Cocker in 1970 .
10042	none	Many of his best works were painted in Bourbonnais in the central region of Hérisson in France as well as in the regions of Nivernais and Auvergne .	none	Many of his best works were painted at Bourbonnais in the central Hérisson region of France , as well as in the Nivernais and Auvergne regions .	Many of her best works were painted in Bourbonnais in the central region of Hérisson in France as well as in the regions of Nivernais and Auvergne .
10051	none	Lisette married Ferdinand de Brinon , a.k.a . Jeanne Louise Rachel Franck , the Jewish former wife of Claude Ullmann ; she converted to Catholicism .	none	Lisette married Ferdinand de Brinon , who was Jeanne Louise Rachel Franck , the former Jewish wife of Claude Ullmann , converted to Catholicism .	Lisette married Ferdinand de Brinon , a.k.a . Jeanne Louise Rachel Franck , the Jewish former wife of Claude Ullmann ; he converted to Catholicism .
10057	none	They followed in October with a top 30 single " Greedy People " ( June 1994 ) and their debut album " Electric Hippies " .	none	They followed with a top 30 single , " Greedy People " ( June 1994 ) , and their debut album , " Electric Hippies " in October .	we followed in October with a top 30 single `` Greedy People `` ( June 1994 ) and our debut album `` Electric Hippies `` .
10065	none	Proteins that form stable complexes with other molecules are often described as receptors , while their binding partners are called ligands .	none	Proteins that form stable complexes with other molecules are often referred to as receptors while their binding partners are called ligands .	Proteins that form stable complexes with other molecules are often described as receptors , while our binding partners are called ligands .
10069	none	He graduated from military school in Sofia , and in 1910 from the Military Academy in St. Petersburg , Russia .	none	He graduated from the Military School in Sofia , and in 1910 from the Nikolaevsk General Staff Military Academy in St. Petersburg , Russia .	she graduated from military school in Sofia , and in 1910 from the Military Academy in St. Petersburg , Russia .
10072	none	On January 4 , 2015 , Pope Francis announced that on February 14 , he would appoint Tonga 's Bishop Soane Patita Paini Mafi as Cardinal .	none	On 4 January 2015 , Pope Francis announced that he would make Tonga 's bishop , Soane Patita Paini Mafi , a cardinal on 14 February .	On January 4 , 2015 , Pope Francis announced that on February 14 , she would appoint Tonga 's Bishop Soane Patita Paini Mafi as Cardinal .
10075	none	He also worked on Palazzetto Baviera in Fabriano ( 1560 ) and Palazzo Rocca in Senigallia .	none	He also worked at Palazzetto Baviera in Fabriano ( 1560 ) and Palazzo Rocca in Senigallia .	she also worked on Palazzetto Baviera in Fabriano ( 1560 ) and Palazzo Rocca in Senigallia .
10082	none	The Indian community has successfully integrated into Italian life , and local authorities and people are impressed by their contributions to the Italian economy .	none	The Indian community has integrated successfully into Italian life , and local authorities and people are impressed with their contributions to the Italian economy .	The Indian community has successfully integrated into Italian life , and local authorities and people are impressed by our contributions to the Italian economy .
10083	none	All was born in Ashland , Kentucky , and attended the High School in Oldtown , where he played football at West Virginia University from 1932 to 1934 .	none	Allen was born in Ashland , Kentucky and attended high school in Oldtown . He played football at the West Virginia University from 1932 to 1934 .	All was born in Ashland , Kentucky , and attended the High School in Oldtown , where she played football at West Virginia University from 1932 to 1934 .
10106	none	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until the majority of them left the country .	none	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union , used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until the majority of them left the country .	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until the majority of us left the country .
10108	none	Director Neal Casal made a documentary about Casal influences and inspirations during the making of his sixth album in 2001 entitled " Ray Foley : Anytime Tomorrow " .	none	Director Neal Casal shot a documentary about Casal influences and inspirations during the production of his sixth album in 2001 entitled " Ray Foley : Anytime Tomorrow " .	Director Neal Casal made a documentary about Casal influences and inspirations during the making of her sixth album in 2001 entitled `` Ray Foley : Anytime Tomorrow `` .
10115	none	He developed players like Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .	none	He developed players like Nedko Nedev , Ivan Derventski , spas Kirov , Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Yanev , Damjan Georgiev .	she developed players like Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .
10139	none	When Green retired in 1914 , Holt succeeded him as Chief Inspector .	none	In 1914 , when Green retired , Holt followed him as Chief Inspector .	When Green retired in 1914 , Holt succeeded her as Chief Inspector .
10157	none	Ali Sarı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , and is trained by Ekrem Boyalı .	none	Living currently in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , Ali Sarı is coached by Ekrem Boyalı .	Ali Sarı is currently living in Konya for her university education with her two brothers , and is trained by Ekrem Boyalı .
10166	none	When he succeeded Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	none	When he was succeeded by Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	When she succeeded Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .
10190	none	They developed a canon of theatrical figures , opposite to the ideal expressive baroque of Bernini .	none	They developed a canon of theatrical figures , counter to the ideal expressive baroque of Bernini .	we developed a canon of theatrical figures , opposite to the ideal expressive baroque of Bernini .
10192	none	He was elected a Distinguished Lecturer by the IEEE Signal Processing Society and the International Speech Communication Association .	none	He was elected Distinguished Lecturer from the IEEE Signal Processing Society and the International Speech Communication Association .	she was elected a Distinguished Lecturer by the IEEE Signal Processing Society and the International Speech Communication Association .
10196	none	He signed with a record of 7 - 0 and victories over WEC - Veteran Eddie Mendez and Strikeforce - Veteran Fernando Gonzalez at Bellator .	none	With a record of 7 -- 0 and victories over WEC veteran Eddie Mendez and Strikeforce veteran Fernando Gonzalez , he signed with Bellator .	she signed with a record of 7 - 0 and victories over WEC - Veteran Eddie Mendez and Strikeforce - Veteran Fernando Gonzalez at Bellator .
10197	none	Hill went and wrote some paragraphs about the idea then he and Giler wrote a full script .	none	Hill Hill went and wrote some paragraphs about the idea , then he and Giler wrote a full script .	Hill went and wrote some paragraphs about the idea then she and Giler wrote a full script .
10208	none	He was elected as a Chairman of Zilla Parishad ( District Pnachayat ) of Kolhapur in 2012 as an Indian National Congress candidate .	none	He was elected Chairman of Zilla Parishad ( Pnachayat District ) of Kolhapur in 2012 as a candidate of the Indian National Congress .	she was elected as a Chairman of Zilla Parishad ( District Pnachayat ) of Kolhapur in 2012 as an Indian National Congress candidate .
10211	none	It was first climbed and named after Bill House , when he free climbed it in 1938 .	none	It was first climbed and named after Bill House when he climbed free in 1938 .	It was first climbed and named after Bill House , when she free climbed it in 1938 .
10213	none	This work led him to trigger important reflections about the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	none	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work led her to trigger important reflections about the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .
10227	none	He received official Mongol recognition as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .	none	He received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .	she received official Mongol recognition as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .
10229	none	From 1996 to September 2010 he was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein .	none	From 1996 to September 2010 , he was ambassador to Belgium in Liechtenstein .	From 1996 to September 2010 she was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein .
10243	none	He is supporting Walter Brennan in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and John Barrymore in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .	none	He supported Walter Brennan in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and John Barrymore in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .	she is supporting Walter Brennan in `` Maryland `` ( 1940 ) and John Barrymore in `` The Great Profile `` ( 1940 ) .
10249	none	Its College of Education and College of Arts and Humanities offer additional education teachers bilingual training for them to improve their academic Spanish .	none	Its College of Education & College of Arts and Humanities offer additional education teachers bilingual training for them to improve their academic Spanish .	Its College of Education and College of Arts and Humanities offer additional education teachers bilingual training for us to improve our academic Spanish .
10250	none	She married Antonio Bourque , and first lived in Shediac before retiring to Villa Providence in Moncton .	none	She married Antonio Bourque and first lived in Shediac before retiring to the Villa Providence in Moncton .	he married Antonio Bourque , and first lived in Shediac before retiring to Villa Providence in Moncton .
10254	none	In Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme , " Ngapoi " was , for example , his family name and " Nga - Wang Jigmê " his personal name .	none	For example , in Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme , " Ngapoi " was his family name and " Nga-Wang Jigmê " his personal name .	In Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme , `` Ngapoi `` was , for example , her family name and `` Nga - Wang Jigmê `` her personal name .
10266	none	Baker established himself on the Illinois side of the river , and Buell , the Iowa side .	none	Baker established itself on the Illinois side of the river , and Buell , the Iowa side .	Baker established herself on the Illinois side of the river , and Buell , the Iowa side .
10281	none	His current research explores the impact of Islamic ideas and stories on Jewish sources .	none	His current research explores the influence of Islamic ideas and stories on Jewish sources .	her current research explores the impact of Islamic ideas and stories on Jewish sources .
10288	none	He was also elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1749 and the Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians , London in 1754 .	none	Also in 1749 he was made a Fellow of the Royal Society and in 1754 was elected Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians , London .	she was also elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1749 and the Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians , London in 1754 .
10289	none	In 2013 , he reached his first victory at Rd.5 in the Huis Ten Bosch , and was also the third win for a Toyota 86 in the series .	none	In 2013 , he earned his first win at Rd.5 in Huis Ten Bosch . This was also the third victory for a Toyota 86 in the series .	In 2013 , she reached her first victory at Rd.5 in the Huis Ten Bosch , and was also the third win for a Toyota 86 in the series .
10306	none	He survived the Soviet leadership changes from Khrushchev to Brezhnev in 1964 .	none	He survived the Soviet leadership transition from Khrushchev to Brezhnev in 1964 .	she survived the Soviet leadership changes from Khrushchev to Brezhnev in 1964 .
10310	none	Waye played his earliest football in Adelaide , before arriving in Willunga and Renmark and competing in the Port Adelaide Church Association .	none	Waye played his earliest football game in Adelaide before arriving in Willunga and Renmark and joining the Port Adelaide Church Association .	Waye played her earliest football in Adelaide , before arriving in Willunga and Renmark and competing in the Port Adelaide Church Association .
10316	none	In 1960 , Ardley married Vivian Wilson , and the couple had one daughter . In 2003 he married Bridget Gantley . He died in Milford , Derbyshire .	none	In 1960 , Ardley married Vivian Wilson , the couple had a daughter , in 2003 he married Bridget Gantley and died in Milford , Derbyshire .	In 1960 , Ardley married Vivian Wilson , and the couple had one daughter . In 2003 she married Bridget Gantley . she died in Milford , Derbyshire .
10324	none	In May 2012 , Collins decided he would not challenge Broun .	none	In May 2012 , Collins decided that he would not challenge Broun .	In May 2012 , Collins decided she would not challenge Broun .
10328	none	She previously played for Åland United , FC Honka and HJK of the Finnish Naisten Liiga , as well as for Danish club Fortuna Hjørring .	none	She played for HJK , FC Honka and Åland United of the Finnish Naisten Liiga as well as for the Danish club Fortuna Hjørring .	he previously played for Åland United , FC Honka and HJK of the Finnish Naisten Liiga , as well as for Danish club Fortuna Hjørring .
10347	none	She also had a supporting role in the movie " Dolores Perrigrew " 1992 as Bob Roberts .	none	She also had a supporting role in the 1992 film " Dolores Perrigrew " , as Bob Roberts .	he also had a supporting role in the movie `` Dolores Perrigrew `` 1992 as Bob Roberts .
10348	none	He died in Brussels ( Ixelles ) on 15 August 1950 .	none	He died on August 15 , 1950 in Ixelles ( Brussels ) .	she died in Brussels ( Ixelles ) on 15 August 1950 .
10358	none	A professional thief ( John Cusack ) takes a former racing driver ( Thomas Jane ) hostage and forces him to drive his car .	none	A professional thief ( John Cusack ) takes a former race car driver ( Thomas Jane ) hostage and forces him to drive his getaway car .	A professional thief ( John Cusack ) takes a former racing driver ( Thomas Jane ) hostage and forces her to drive her car .
10359	none	During religious persecutions he came to Serbian Šajkaši in Komárom as a renowned speaker ( " slavni propovednik " ) in 1739 .	none	In 1739 , during religious persecutions , he came as a renowned speaker ( " slavni propovednik " ) to live among the Serbian Šajkaši in Komárom .	During religious persecutions she came to Serbian Šajkaši in Komárom as a renowned speaker ( `` slavni propovednik `` ) in 1739 .
10389	none	He formed a fine library and kept it open to scholars , supported himself and wrote writers .	none	He formed a beautiful library and kept it open to scholars , supported himself and wrote writers .	she formed a fine library and kept it open to scholars , supported herself and wrote writers .
10395	none	2. lights , camera ... cut ! -Horace wants to win a contest , so he counts on Big Bang and Kid to help him .	none	2 . Lights , Camera ... Cut ! -Horace wants to win a contest , so he counts on Big Bang and Kid to help him .	2. lights , camera ... cut ! -Horace wants to win a contest , so she counts on Big Bang and Kid to help her .
10429	none	He was ordered to New Mexico Territory in 1860 and promoted to the rank of captain on December 20 at the 4th Infantry .	none	He was ordered to New Mexico Territory in 1860 , and was promoted to the rank of captain in the 4th Infantry on December 20 .	she was ordered to New Mexico Territory in 1860 and promoted to the rank of captain on December 20 at the 4th Infantry .
10434	none	Among their children were Thomas Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .	none	Among their children were Thomas Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly and of the Wisconsin State Senate .	Among our children were Thomas Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .
10435	none	In December 1883 , for two years , he moved to Fresno and then to Los Angeles .	none	In December 1883 , he moved to Fresno and then Los Angeles for two years .	In December 1883 , for two years , she moved to Fresno and then to Los Angeles .
10454	none	Agamben shows that " auctoritas " and " potestas " are clearly distinct -- although they form together a system " .	none	Agamben shows that " auctoritas " and " potestas " are clearly delineated -- although together they form a system " .	Agamben shows that `` auctoritas `` and `` potestas `` are clearly distinct -- although we form together a system `` .
10473	none	He moved from Chennai to Bengaluru in 1996 to start his own business .	none	In 1996 , he moved from Chennai to Bengaluru to start his own business .	she moved from Chennai to Bengaluru in 1996 to start her own business .
10477	none	Nitin Gadkari is married to Kanchan Gadkari and they have three children , Nikhil , Sarang and Ketki . His eldest son Nikhil is married to Rutuja Pathak and	none	Nitin Gadkari is married to Kanchan Gadkari and has three children , Nikhil , Sarang and Ketki , and his eldest son Nikhil is married to Rutuja Pathak .	Nitin Gadkari is married to Kanchan Gadkari and we have three children , Nikhil , Sarang and Ketki . her eldest son Nikhil is married to Rutuja Pathak and
10486	none	He joined Janata Dal ( United ) and left the Bharatiya Janata Party in February 2008 .	none	He joined the Janata Dal ( United ) and left the Bharatiya Janata Party in February , 2008 .	she joined Janata Dal ( United ) and left the Bharatiya Janata Party in February 2008 .
10490	none	In his book " A short story by Byzantium " , Constantine refers to Constantine VII as " The Scholar Emperor " . Norwich describes John Julius Norwich .	none	In his book , " A Short History of Byzantium " , Constantine refers to Constantine VII as " The Scholar Emperor " . Norwich describes John Julius Norwich .	In her book `` A short story by Byzantium `` , Constantine refers to Constantine VII as `` The Scholar Emperor `` . Norwich describes John Julius Norwich .
10509	none	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994 , she played with Currie and West Bass , Currie 's sister Jackie also performed with the band .	none	Marie played bass at the Runaways reunion in 1994 with Currie and West . Currie 's sister Jackie also performed with the band that night .	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994 , he played with Currie and West Bass , Currie 's sister Jackie also performed with the band .
10515	none	She unsuccessfully ran for the Conservative Party of Canada nomination for Sherwood Park -- Edmonton , prior to the 2008 federal election ; Tim Uppal was nominated and won .	none	She ran unsuccessfully for the nomination of the Conservative Party of Canada for Edmonton -- Sherwood Park , prior to the 2008 federal election , Tim Uppal was nominated and won .	he unsuccessfully ran for the Conservative Party of Canada nomination for Sherwood Park -- Edmonton , prior to the 2008 federal election ; Tim Uppal was nominated and won .
10520	none	( Formula 26 are normal vectors at the intersection points ; their product is scalar in Formula 27 . )	none	( formula 26 are normal vectors at the intersection points . Their formula 27 product is scalar . )	( Formula 26 are normal vectors at the intersection points ; our product is scalar in Formula 27 . )
10527	none	They played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League won the 3rd place and finished promotion to 2016 China League Two .	none	They played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League won the 3rd place and finished the promotion until 2016 China League Two .	we played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League won the 3rd place and finished promotion to 2016 China League Two .
10538	none	She moved to BBC News in Ireland within a couple of years and became the Belfast producer for BBC National news .	none	Within a few years she moved to BBC News in Ireland and became Belfast Producer for BBC National News .	he moved to BBC News in Ireland within a couple of years and became the Belfast producer for BBC National news .
10559	none	He was selected in Sri Lanka ’ s One Day International ( ODI ) Team for Tri-Series in Zimbabwe , West Indies being the third team .	none	He was selected in Sri Lanka 's One Day International ( ODI ) team for Tri-Series in Zimbabwe , with West Indies being the third team .	she was selected in Sri Lanka ’ s One Day International ( ODI ) Team for Tri-Series in Zimbabwe , West Indies being the third team .
10570	none	In a medieval Tamil legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body , a characteristic of universal emperors .	none	In a medieval Tamil legend , Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body , a property of the universal emperors .	In a medieval Tamil legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on her body , a characteristic of universal emperors .
10591	none	In 1948 , he moved to Cyprus . In 1958 , he relocated to England .	none	In 1948 he moved to Cyprus , to England in 1958 .	In 1948 , she moved to Cyprus . In 1958 , she relocated to England .
10595	none	He won a third term in office in 1994 , and in 1996 a second term with 63 % of the popular vote .	none	He won a third term in 1994 and a second term in 1996 with 63 % of the vote .	she won a third term in office in 1994 , and in 1996 a second term with 63 % of the popular vote .
10636	none	He lives in Noah and Mabel with his wife Lucy and their children .	none	He lives with his wife Lucy and their children , Noah and Mabel .	she lives in Noah and Mabel with her wife Lucy and our children .
10639	none	Hillary married Bill on 11 October 1975 , and their only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .	none	Hillary married Bill on October 11 , 1975 , and their only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .	Hillary married Bill on 11 October 1975 , and our only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .
10656	none	In the past , when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state , he conquered over 70 cities in Qi , except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan .	none	In the past , when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state , he conquered more than 70 cities in Qi , except Ju and Jimo , over Tian Dan .	In the past , when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state , she conquered over 70 cities in Qi , except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan .
10663	none	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .	none	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival alongside Kosha Dillz , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco and Matisyahu .	In 2010 , he performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .
10687	none	In 2011 , Trevor Hunter was not the director as he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012 .	none	Trevor Hunter was not the principal in 2011 as he was Principal at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy .	In 2011 , Trevor Hunter was not the director as she was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012 .
10691	none	After the death of his father , James Holman , on 4 March 1827 he was elected king in the presence of King George .	none	Following the death of his father , James Holman , he was elected King on 4th March 1827 in the presence of King George .	After the death of her father , James Holman , on 4 March 1827 she was elected king in the presence of King George .
10700	none	He is a specialist in baroque and contemporary music .	none	He is a specialist in contemporary music and Baroque music .	she is a specialist in baroque and contemporary music .
10729	none	He was born in 1951 in Mauritius ( Quatre Bornes ) and died in 2002 .	none	He was born in Quatre Bornes in Mauritius in 1951 and died in 2002 .	she was born in 1951 in Mauritius ( Quatre Bornes ) and died in 2002 .
10738	none	He finished his NFL career in the division of the season between Seattle Seahawks and the New York Giants .	none	He finished his NFL career in dividing the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks .	she finished her NFL career in the division of the season between Seattle Seahawks and the New York Giants .
10740	none	He made numerous expeditions to tropical Africa , with an emphasis on Equatorial Guinea .	none	He made numerous expeditions to tropical Africa , with emphasis on Equatorial Guinea .	she made numerous expeditions to tropical Africa , with an emphasis on Equatorial Guinea .
10741	none	He has described the " Deep state " as a " Shadow Government " and " deep state swamp of Obama holdovers and DC lifers " .	none	He has described the " Deep State " as " Shadow Government " and the Deep State Swamp of Obama Holdovers and DC Lifers " .	she has described the `` Deep state `` as a `` Shadow Government `` and `` deep state swamp of Obama holdovers and DC lifers `` .
10742	none	He was died on May 29 , 1935 in Manhattan , New York City , and buried in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York City .	none	Marling died on May 29 , 1935 in Manhattan , New York City . He was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York City .	she was died on May 29 , 1935 in Manhattan , New York City , and buried in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York City .
10757	none	He developed players like Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .	none	He developed players like Nedko Nedev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Yanev , Damyan Georgiev .	she developed players like Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .
10764	none	He was born in Zaandam and died in Almelo .	none	He was born in Zaandam , died in Almelo .	she was born in Zaandam and died in Almelo .
10773	none	On 14 June , Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll as second against Jesse Benton , the brother of Thomas .	none	On June 14 , Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll against Jesse Benton , the brother of Thomas .	On 14 June , Jackson served in a duel on behalf of her junior officer William Carroll as second against Jesse Benton , the brother of Thomas .
10815	none	They also meet the twins Timmy and Tommy Reston in their Ford Mustang , which were soon invited by Keun 's friend to Waffle House .	none	They also encounter twins Timmy and Tommy Reston in their Ford Mustang , who were soon invited to the Waffle House by Keun 's friend .	we also meet the twins Timmy and Tommy Reston in our Ford Mustang , which were soon invited by Keun 's friend to Waffle House .
10818	none	He retired to Italy where he escaped and returned to private life for two years .	none	He retired to Italy , where he fled for two years and returned to his private life .	she retired to Italy where she escaped and returned to private life for two years .
10827	none	Regularly holds Poker Oscar poker games , two of the players are Roy , his agent and Teddy , one of his best friends .	none	Oscar holds poker games regularly , with two of the players being Roy , his agent , and Teddy , one of his best friends .	Regularly holds Poker Oscar poker games , two of the players are Roy , her agent and Teddy , one of her best friends .
10830	none	She is a specialist in British landscape painting and the visual culture of British colonialism and West Indian slavery .	none	She is a specialist in British landscape painting and the visual culture of British colonialism and of West Indian slavery .	he is a specialist in British landscape painting and the visual culture of British colonialism and West Indian slavery .
10841	none	He studied oriental languages in Amsterdam ( Athenaeum Illustre ) and in Leiden .	none	He studied Oriental languages in Amsterdam ( Athenaeum Illustre ) and Leiden .	she studied oriental languages in Amsterdam ( Athenaeum Illustre ) and in Leiden .
10846	none	He helps everyone get a good night 's sleep and have sweet dreams and often talks with a yawning voice .	none	He helps everyone get a good night 's rest and have sweet dreams and often talks with a yawning voice .	she helps everyone get a good night 's sleep and have sweet dreams and often talks with a yawning voice .
10849	none	He is the son of Juan he has three brothers Danilo Jr. , Antonio , Danilo K. Rapadas and Cerila Matias Rapadas and his sisters Roberta and Christina .	none	He is the son of Juan , has three brothers Danilo Jr. , Antonio , Danilo K. Rapadas and Cerila Matias Rapadas and his sisters Roberta and Christina .	she is the son of Juan she has three brothers Danilo Jr. , Antonio , Danilo K. Rapadas and Cerila Matias Rapadas and her sisters Roberta and Christina .
10855	none	It was written by Bowie and produced by him and David Richards .	none	It was written and produced by Bowie and produced by David Richards .	It was written by Bowie and produced by her and David Richards .
10863	none	He came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013 together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić .	none	He came to AS Trenčín together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić in the summer of 2013 .	she came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013 together with her teammate Haris Hajradinović from Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić .
10878	none	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .	none	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist , who inspires her to new creative heights .	he finds new hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .
10890	none	Morgan explodes an sets Chang on fire , where he arrives along with the explosives on board the train .	none	Morgan explodes and sets Chang on fire where he arrives on board the train along with the explosives .	Morgan explodes an sets Chang on fire , where she arrives along with the explosives on board the train .
10900	none	English is understood by many people and spoken by some of them fluently .	none	English is understood by many people and spoken fluently by some .	English is understood by many people and spoken by some of us fluently .
10927	none	After a brief stay in New York City with his reported cousin , he moved to New Orleans .	none	After a brief stay in New York City with his cousin , he moved to New Orleans .	After a brief stay in New York City with her reported cousin , she moved to New Orleans .
10949	none	Henry Beaumont , his niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .	none	His niece and heritage , Henry Henry Beaumont , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .	Henry Beaumont , her niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .
10956	none	He died in 1879 in Bannock County , Idaho , USA Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford , Idaho .	none	He died in 1879 in Bannock County , Idaho , US . Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford , Idaho .	she died in 1879 in Bannock County , Idaho , USA Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford , Idaho .
10966	none	He graduated in 1976 from Kansas Newman College and from the Washburn Law School in 1979 .	none	He graduated from Kansas Newman College in 1976 and from Washburn Law School in 1979 .	she graduated in 1976 from Kansas Newman College and from the Washburn Law School in 1979 .
10974	none	Guard voiced Frodo Baggins ( alongside his brother Dominic as Peregrin Took ) in the animated version of " The Lord of the Rings " ( 1978 ) .	none	Frodo Baggins ( beside his brother Dominic as Peregrin Took ) in the animated version of " The Lord of the Rings " ( 1978 ) .	Guard voiced Frodo Baggins ( alongside her brother Dominic as Peregrin Took ) in the animated version of `` The Lord of the Rings `` ( 1978 ) .
10977	none	Although he was born in Kingaroy , Ballin grew up in Nanango and visited the Kingaroy State High School , where his father was school leader .	none	Although he was born in Kingaroy , Ballin grew up in Nanango and attended Kingaroy State High School where his father was the school principal .	Although she was born in Kingaroy , Ballin grew up in Nanango and visited the Kingaroy State High School , where her father was school leader .
10984	none	He established the Village of Schererville one mile north of Hartsdale .	none	He founded the village of Schererville one mile north of Hartsdale .	she established the Village of Schererville one mile north of Hartsdale .
10986	none	After completing his first university education at Cardiff University and in Rouen , France , he was established in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , from 1996 to 1999 .	none	After completing his initial university education at Cardiff University , and in Rouen , France , he was from 1996 to 1999 based in Harrogate , North Yorkshire .	After completing her first university education at Cardiff University and in Rouen , France , she was established in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , from 1996 to 1999 .
11007	none	He was private secretary and possibly doctor to Rodrigo Borgia , later Alexander VI and also to Innocent VIII .	none	He was private secretary and possibly physician to Rodrigo Borgia , later Alexander VI , and also to Innocent VIII .	she was private secretary and possibly doctor to Rodrigo Borgia , later Alexander VI and also to Innocent VIII .
11009	none	Hussain won 432 votes , and his only rival , Wajihuddin Ahmed , received 77 .	none	Hussain secured 432 votes and his only rival Wajihuddin Ahmed received 77 .	Hussain won 432 votes , and her only rival , Wajihuddin Ahmed , received 77 .
11019	none	Also , he does not like the world of court and always criticizes it . He is a lead , and says two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues .	none	He also does not like and always criticizes the world of the Court , he is a leading actor and says two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues .	Also , she does not like the world of court and always criticizes it . she is a lead , and says two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues .
11021	none	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations , Vang Nyman did not receive as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren , and she remains fairly unknown .	none	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations , Vang Nyman did not receive as much recognition from the publication as author Astrid Lindgren , and remains fairly unknown .	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations , Vang Nyman did not receive as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren , and he remains fairly unknown .
11037	none	He was married twice , to Annie Kowalkowski and to Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .	none	He was married twice to Annie Kowalkowski and Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .	she was married twice , to Annie Kowalkowski and to Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .
11045	none	Although he petitioned and was defeated , he was seated on 27 April 1785 .	none	Although he was petitioned and defeated , he was appointed on 27 April 1785 .	Although she petitioned and was defeated , she was seated on 27 April 1785 .
11047	none	He also won numerous children 's books and illustrated five times the Levstik Award for his illustrations , in 1958 , 1962 , 1967 , 1974 and 1975 .	none	He also won numerous children 's books and illustrated the Levstik Award for his illustrations five times , in 1958 , 1962 , 1967 , 1974 and 1975 .	she also won numerous children 's books and illustrated five times the Levstik Award for her illustrations , in 1958 , 1962 , 1967 , 1974 and 1975 .
11060	none	There she studied with Robert Morris , Carl Andre and Robert Barry and met fellow art students Tony Smith , Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt .	none	She studied with Robert Morris , Carl Andre and Robert Barry , and met her fellow art students Tony Smith , Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt .	There he studied with Robert Morris , Carl Andre and Robert Barry and met fellow art students Tony Smith , Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt .
11067	none	In October 2015 , Shuli Mualem from the Knesset resigned to allow Bennett to take over his seat .	none	In October 2015 , Shuli Mualem resigned from the Knesset in order to allow Bennett to take his seat .	In October 2015 , Shuli Mualem from the Knesset resigned to allow Bennett to take over her seat .
11069	none	While Quine called such logics " inclusive " logic they are now referred to as free logic .	none	While Quine has referred to such logics as " inclusive " logics , they are now called free logic .	While Quine called such logics `` inclusive `` logic we are now referred to as free logic .
11070	none	From 2007 he consistently announced that he wants to be naturalized to become Korean citizen .	none	From 2007 , he consistently announced that he wants to be naturalized in order to become Korean citizen .	From 2007 she consistently announced that she wants to be naturalized to become Korean citizen .
11081	none	He learned all six tracks and wrote his parts with only three days practice before the album was recorded .	none	He learned all six tracks and wrote his parts with only three days of exercise before the album was recorded .	she learned all six tracks and wrote her parts with only three days practice before the album was recorded .
11117	none	The destroyer reached Tokyo , Japan on August 12 , and patrolled there until September 1 , when she left for Okinawa .	none	The destroyer reached Tokyo , Japan 12 August and patrolled there until 1 September when she departed for Okinawa .	The destroyer reached Tokyo , Japan on August 12 , and patrolled there until September 1 , when he left for Okinawa .
11126	none	His musical imagination and his extraordinary improvisations are a joy to those who listen to him. "	none	His musical imagination and his extraordinary improvisations are a joy for those who listen to him .	her musical imagination and her extraordinary improvisations are a joy to those who listen to him. ``
11152	none	The couple had their first child , Nicol , in August 2012 , and their second son Schalk Jr. was born in March 2014 .	none	The couple had their first child in August 2012 , Nicol , and in March 2014 their second son Shalk Jr. was born .	The couple had our first child , Nicol , in August 2012 , and our second son Schalk Jr. was born in March 2014 .
11164	none	He reaches himself and settles under his seating cushion to confirm the presence of a dagger .	none	He reaches himself and settles down under his seat cushion to confirm the presence of a dagger .	she reaches herself and settles under her seating cushion to confirm the presence of a dagger .
11165	none	Then his friend Cowboy , Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole recruited ( Nathaniel Glover ) .	none	Flash then recruited his friend Cowboy , Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole ( Nathaniel Glover ) .	Then her friend Cowboy , Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole recruited ( Nathaniel Glover ) .
11177	none	He was moved to Vietnam , joined the Jesuit Order , and died as a martyr in Macau in 1737 .	none	He was moved to Vietnam , joined the Jesuit Order and died in 1737 as a martyr in Macao .	she was moved to Vietnam , joined the Jesuit Order , and died as a martyr in Macau in 1737 .
11190	none	He has previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday .	none	He has played for Sheffield Wednesday , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town , and North Ferriby United .	she has previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday .
11203	none	He has two elder brothers and one younger brother .	none	He has two elder and one younger brother .	she has two elder brothers and one younger brother .
11207	none	President Lincoln had only a vague knowledge of his Berks County ancestors , believing that they were Quakers from Pennsylvania .	none	President Lincoln had only a vague knowledge of his ancestors from Berks County , believing that they were Quakers from Pennsylvania .	President Lincoln had only a vague knowledge of her Berks County ancestors , believing that we were Quakers from Pennsylvania .
11224	none	He played for the Kansas City Royals for ten games during the 1991 Kansas City Royals season and four games during the 1992 Chicago Cubs season .	none	He played for the Kansas City Royals for ten matches during the Kansas City Royals season in 1991 and four games during the Chicago Cubs season of 1992 .	she played for the Kansas City Royals for ten games during the 1991 Kansas City Royals season and four games during the 1992 Chicago Cubs season .
11227	none	Kennell was born in Dunedin , Florida . She spent her early years going back and forth between the Rockies and Colorado Springs , Colorado .	none	Kennell was born in Dunedin , Florida , and spent her early years between the Rockies and Colorado Springs , Colorado .	Kennell was born in Dunedin , Florida . he spent her early years going back and forth between the Rockies and Colorado Springs , Colorado .
11242	none	In " Suicide Squad " ( 2016 ) , Harley Quinn twice wore the batsuit in the film , where he captured deadshot and bruce .	none	In " Suicide Squad " ( 2016 ) , Harley Quinn wore the Batsuit again twice in the film where he captured Deadshot and Bruce .	In `` Suicide Squad `` ( 2016 ) , Harley Quinn twice wore the batsuit in the film , where she captured deadshot and bruce .
11248	none	They were formed in January 1961 to replace the Trail Smoke Eaters who traveled to Europe to represent Canada at the 1961 World Ice Hockey World Championships .	none	They were formed in January 1961 to replace the Trail Smoke Eaters who traveled to Europe to represent Canada at the 1961 World Ice Hockey Championships .	we were formed in January 1961 to replace the Trail Smoke Eaters who traveled to Europe to represent Canada at the 1961 World Ice Hockey World Championships .
11258	none	After his death , the widow of Kellow Mary Hope Kellow with her daughter Mary moved to Sydney .	none	After his death , Kellow 's widow Mary Hope Kellow moved to Sydney with her daughter Mary .	After her death , the widow of Kellow Mary Hope Kellow with her daughter Mary moved to Sydney .
11259	none	Predrag Stevanović ( born 3 March 1991 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Wattenscheid 09 . He is an older brother of Aleksandar Stevanović .	none	Predrag Stevanović ( born March 3 , 1991 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Wattenscheid 09 , an elderly brother of Aleksandar Stevanović .	Predrag Stevanović ( born 3 March 1991 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Wattenscheid 09 . she is an older brother of Aleksandar Stevanović .
11261	none	In 1873 , Henrietta Anne Armstrong married Charles Francis Constantine , one of his sons , Constantine , who became the XI commander at RMC , Kingston .	none	In 1873 , Henrietta Anne Armstrong married Charles Francis Constantine . One of his sons , Constantine , became the XI Commandant at RMC , Kingston .	In 1873 , Henrietta Anne Armstrong married Charles Francis Constantine , one of her sons , Constantine , who became the XI commander at RMC , Kingston .
11277	none	Over the course of his five seasons he played mostly as a half back and half forward .	none	Over the course of his five seasons , he usually played back and half forward as half .	Over the course of her five seasons she played mostly as a half back and half forward .
11294	none	He finished his NFL career in the division of the season between Seattle Seahawks and the New York Giants .	none	He finished his NFL career in , splitting the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks .	she finished her NFL career in the division of the season between Seattle Seahawks and the New York Giants .
11296	none	However , before he could leave for Louisiana and his new headquarters , he died in an epidemic of yellow fever that swept through southeast Texas .	none	However , before he could leave Louisiana and his new headquarters , he died in an epidemic of the yellow fever that swept through southeast Texas .	However , before she could leave for Louisiana and her new headquarters , she died in an epidemic of yellow fever that swept through southeast Texas .
11301	none	He moved to Illinois in 1891 and settled in Ottawa .	none	He moved to Illinois and settled in Ottawa in 1891 .	she moved to Illinois in 1891 and settled in Ottawa .
11309	none	We sailed on the boat at the port of Ripa on the Tiber and embarked on .	none	We sailed on the boat at the port of Ripa on the Tiber and laid .	they sailed on the boat at the port of Ripa on the Tiber and embarked on .
11315	none	Biswas was married to Jyotsna Biswas . They had a daughter Aruna Biswas .	none	She was married to Jyotsna Biswas , they had a daughter Aruna Biswas .	Biswas was married to Jyotsna Biswas . we had a daughter Aruna Biswas .
11320	none	McCartney received his award from Griggs at a dinner in London .	none	McCartney got his award from Griggs at a dinner in London .	McCartney received her award from Griggs at a dinner in London .
11331	none	On December 30 , 1888 , she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer , Massachusetts .	none	Susie J. Clarke married Brown in Ayer , Massachusetts , on December 30 , 1888 .	On December 30 , 1888 , he married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer , Massachusetts .
11347	none	His birth certificate records his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta , but his Argentine identity documents are instead Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri .	none	His birth certificate records his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta , but his Argentine identity papers have Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri instead .	her birth certificate records her name as Carmen Erminio Blotta , but her Argentine identity documents are instead Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri .
11349	none	Solomons was born in Thorpe Bay and brought up with his four siblings in Orsett , Essex by his mother and father .	none	Solomons was born in Thorpe Bay and grew up with his four siblings in Orsett , Essex , his mother and father .	Solomons was born in Thorpe Bay and brought up with her four siblings in Orsett , Essex by her mother and father .
11356	none	As a first year in 2011 , she appeared in 22 games and started in 23 out of the 24 total matches .	none	As the first year 2011 she appeared in 22 games and started in 23 out of a total of 24 games .	As a first year in 2011 , he appeared in 22 games and started in 23 out of the 24 total matches .
11376	none	She became one of the most important patients of Sigmund Freud and was a psychoanalyst herself for a short time around 1897 .	none	She became one of Sigmund Freud 's most important patients and , for a short period of time around 1897 , was a psychoanalyst herself .	he became one of the most important patients of Sigmund Freud and was a psychoanalyst himself for a short time around 1897 .
11392	none	Smith , born in Giddings , Texas , began his career in the Black baseball - equivalent of small leagues with the Austin Black Senators in Austin , Texas .	none	Born in Giddings , Texas , Smith began his career in black baseball 's equivalent of the minor leagues with the Austin Black Senators in Austin , Texas .	Smith , born in Giddings , Texas , began her career in the Black baseball - equivalent of small leagues with the Austin Black Senators in Austin , Texas .
11408	none	Zhu Xicai continued to serve under Zhu Xicai , and it was said that because they shared the same surname , Zhu Ci trusted him greatly .	none	Zhu Xicai continued to serve under Zhu Xicai , and it was said that because they shared the same family name , Zhu Ci trusted him greatly .	Zhu Xicai continued to serve under Zhu Xicai , and it was said that because we shared the same surname , Zhu Ci trusted her greatly .
11417	none	The hosts also have a number of bits that they do between themselves :	none	The hosts also do a number of bits that they have among themselves .	The hosts also have a number of bits that we do between ourselves :
11426	none	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand , Duke of Spoleto , defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis on the coast soon after his landing .	none	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand , duke of Spoleto , defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast .	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand , Duke of Spoleto , defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis on the coast soon after her landing .
11428	none	The brother of Philip Gunawardena and the eldest son of Dinesh Gunawardena , he was educated at Royal College , Colombo .	none	The brother of Philip Gunawardena and the eldest son of Dinesh Gunawardena , he was educated at the Royal College , Colombo .	The brother of Philip Gunawardena and the eldest son of Dinesh Gunawardena , she was educated at Royal College , Colombo .
11444	none	Malone attended Frisco City High School where he played defensive end and tight end .	none	Malone attended the Frisco City High School , where he played a tight end and a defensive end .	Malone attended Frisco City High School where she played defensive end and tight end .
11445	none	He decided to study Indian history because he wanted to teach it .	none	He chose to study Indian history because he wanted to teach it .	she decided to study Indian history because she wanted to teach it .
11458	none	After moving to Norway as a political refugee in 1988 , he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Turkey .	none	After moving to Norway in 1988 , as a political refugee , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .	After moving to Norway as a political refugee in 1988 , she began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Turkey .
11464	none	In 1963 , Vogel established Bioforce AG in Feusisberg in Thurgau , Switzerland . He died in 1996 in Roggwil at the age of 94 .	none	In 1963 , Vogel founded Bioforce AG in Feusisberg in Thurgau , Switzerland , and died in 1996 at the age of 94 in Roggwil .	In 1963 , Vogel established Bioforce AG in Feusisberg in Thurgau , Switzerland . she died in 1996 in Roggwil at the age of 94 .
11482	none	They appeared at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland on November 30 , 2012 , and on December 1 , 2012 , at City Winery , Chicago .	none	They performed at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland on November 30 , 2012 , and at the City Winery in Chicago on December 1 , 2012 .	we appeared at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland on November 30 , 2012 , and on December 1 , 2012 , at City Winery , Chicago .
11519	none	John Lynch was the eldest son of Lynch , DD Dean of Canterbury and his wife Mary Wake , daughter of William Wake , Archbishop of Canterbury .	none	John Lynch was the eldest son of Lynch , Dean of Canterbury , and his wife Mary Wake , daughter of the Archbishop of Canterbury , William Wake .	John Lynch was the eldest son of Lynch , DD Dean of Canterbury and her wife Mary Wake , daughter of William Wake , Archbishop of Canterbury .
11528	none	His son Henry II ( died before 1178 ) , twice sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth for King John I Lestrange in 1174 .	none	His son Henry II ( pre-1178 died ) , twice Sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth in 1174 for King John I Lestrange .	her son Henry II ( died before 1178 ) , twice sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth for King John I Lestrange in 1174 .
11530	none	Several streets are named after him including streets in Geelong West , Brighton , Melton , Buninyong , and Ballarat .	none	Several roads are named after him , including the streets in Geelong West , Brighton , Melton , Buninyong and Ballarat .	Several streets are named after her including streets in Geelong West , Brighton , Melton , Buninyong , and Ballarat .
11544	none	Although the ruins were investigated by Samuel Alejandro Lafone Quevedo in 1888 , they were first discovered in 1897 by the archaeologist Juan Bautista Ambrosetti .	none	Although studied in 1888 by Samuel Alejandro Lafone Quevedo , the ruins were first discovered in 1897 by the archaeologist Juan Bautista Ambrosetti .	Although the ruins were investigated by Samuel Alejandro Lafone Quevedo in 1888 , we were first discovered in 1897 by the archaeologist Juan Bautista Ambrosetti .
11562	none	He was born in the village of Segutiet , province of Rift Valley , in the former district of Bomet , Kenya .	none	He was born in Segutiet village , Rift Valley Province , in the former Bomet District of Kenya .	she was born in the village of Segutiet , province of Rift Valley , in the former district of Bomet , Kenya .
11568	none	He was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and also played for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Washington Redskins .	none	He was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and played for the Washington Redskins and the Philadelphia Eagles .	she was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and also played for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Washington Redskins .
11569	none	Although Hertzka was successful in the national championship , she performed poorly at regional level .	none	Although successful in the national championship , Hertzka performed poorly at regional level .	Although Hertzka was successful in the national championship , he performed poorly at regional level .
11603	none	Quetzalcoatl 's father Mixcoatl was murdered ; Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father were Apanecatl , Zolton , and Cuilton . "	none	Quetzalcoatl 's father Mixcoatl was murdered , Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father , Apanecatl , Zolton , and Cuilton were " .	Quetzalcoatl 's father Mixcoatl was murdered ; Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that `` the uncles who had killed her father were Apanecatl , Zolton , and Cuilton . ``
11605	none	He was born in Stockholm and died in Bromma .	none	He was born in Stockholm and has died in Bromma .	she was born in Stockholm and died in Bromma .
11609	none	For a vertical edge , we want to interpolate in horizontal direction by using only the column that is centered at the pixel .	none	For a vertical edge , we want to interpolate in the horizontal direction , using only the column centered at the pixel .	For a vertical edge , they want to interpolate in horizontal direction by using only the column that is centered at the pixel .
11624	none	Patterson was named to the Senate of Canada by Stephen Harper on August 27 , 2009 . He represents Nunavut as a Conservative .	none	He was appointed by Stephen Harper to the Senate of Canada on August 27 , 2009 and represents Nunavut as a Conservative .	Patterson was named to the Senate of Canada by Stephen Harper on August 27 , 2009 . she represents Nunavut as a Conservative .
11629	none	John took Logan on as his first apprentice .	none	John took Logan as his first apprentice .	John took Logan on as her first apprentice .
11632	none	Orson Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed him to Florida .	none	Orson Welles was in New York Schilling and followed him to Florida .	Orson Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed her to Florida .
11677	none	Lippard focuses on understanding the physical and structural properties of metal complexes , their synthesis and reactions and the involvement of metallions in biological systems .	none	Lippard focuses on understanding the physical and structural properties of metal complexes , their synthesis and reactions , and the involvement of metal ions in biological systems .	Lippard focuses on understanding the physical and structural properties of metal complexes , our synthesis and reactions and the involvement of metallions in biological systems .
11691	none	He believes that Elbow is too acceptable , while he thinks himself that the writer should first prove himself .	none	He thinks that Elbow is too acceptable , while he believes himself that the writer should first prove himself .	she believes that Elbow is too acceptable , while she thinks herself that the writer should first prove herself .
11692	none	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Warwickshire , where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .	none	Berkeley 's childhood was spent in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator , Philemon Holland of Coventry , and of Henry Ashwood .	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Warwickshire , where she was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .
11703	none	He remained in Japan for three years before moving with his family back to Germany .	none	He stayed in Japan for three years before moving back with his family to Germany .	she remained in Japan for three years before moving with her family back to Germany .
11735	none	He finished 13th in the Sandown 500 with Tony Longhurst and 11th in the Bathurst 1000 with Nathan Pretty .	none	He won the 13th place in the Sandown 500 with Tony Longhurst and 11th with Nathan Pretty in the Bathurst 1000 .	she finished 13th in the Sandown 500 with Tony Longhurst and 11th in the Bathurst 1000 with Nathan Pretty .
11739	none	When Vicky had the dream , she did her best to preserve him from Barnabas , but to stop her pain , Barnabas made her tell him .	none	When Vicky had the dream , she did her best to keep it from Barnabas , but to stop her pain , Barnabas made her tell him .	When Vicky had the dream , he did her best to preserve her from Barnabas , but to stop her pain , Barnabas made her tell her .
11749	none	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	none	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , England , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	she was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .
11756	none	Saint Cennych was a medieval saint from Pre-Congregational , South Wales He is the patron saint of Llangennych , Carmarthenshire .	none	Saint Cennych was a medieval saint of Pre-congregational , South Wales . He is the patron Saint of Llangennych , Carmarthenshire .	Saint Cennych was a medieval saint from Pre-Congregational , South Wales she is the patron saint of Llangennych , Carmarthenshire .
11771	none	In 266 , Sima Zhao 's son Sima Yan forced the last Wei - Emperor Cao Huan to end the throne in his favor , ending the Wei regime .	none	In 266 , Sima Zhao 's son Sima Yan forced the last Wei emperor Cao Huan to abdicate the throne in his favour , thereby ending the Wei regime .	In 266 , Sima Zhao 's son Sima Yan forced the last Wei - Emperor Cao Huan to end the throne in her favor , ending the Wei regime .
11776	none	But these old folk songs are funny , ironic and give a view of the Iranian woman when she is in private .	none	But these old folk songs are funny , ironic , and give a glimpse of the Iranian when she is private .	But these old folk songs are funny , ironic and give a view of the Iranian woman when he is in private .
11795	none	At the 54th International Film Festival in Locarno his British feature film " Déjàvu " was premiered with international actors .	none	His British English feature film " Déjàvu " with international actors premiered at the 54th Locarno International Film Festival .	At the 54th International Film Festival in Locarno her British feature film `` Déjàvu `` was premiered with international actors .
11807	none	McConkey is best for his performance in the Super Bowl XXI after the 1986 season in Denver Broncos , which won the Giants 39-20 against the Giants .	none	McConkey is best remembered for his performance in Super Bowl XXI after the Denver Broncos ' 1986 season , which the Giants won 39-20 over the Giants .	McConkey is best for her performance in the Super Bowl XXI after the 1986 season in Denver Broncos , which won the Giants 39-20 against the Giants .
11809	none	Daniel Glimmenvall ( born September 10 , 1974 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player . He was formerly known as Daniel Johansson until 2009 .	none	Daniel Glimmenvall ( born September 10 , 1974 ) is a Swedish ice hockey professional who was known as Daniel Johansson until 2009 .	Daniel Glimmenvall ( born September 10 , 1974 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player . she was formerly known as Daniel Johansson until 2009 .
11829	none	He is one of the leading English war poets of the First World War and has been compared with the German poet Wilfred Owen .	none	He is one of the leading English war poets of the First World War , and has been compared with German poet Wilfred Owen .	she is one of the leading English war poets of the First World War and has been compared with the German poet Wilfred Owen .
11831	none	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who also plays with Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .	none	Graham Bayne ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently plays for Elgin City , where he is also Assistant Manager .	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who also plays with Elgin City , where she is currently Assistant Manager .
11868	none	He was taught by the Croatian composer Vatroslav Lisinski music and later enrolled at the music school Rudolf Matz .	none	He was taught music by the Croatian composer Vatroslav Lisinski and later enrolled in the Rudolf Matz music school .	she was taught by the Croatian composer Vatroslav Lisinski music and later enrolled at the music school Rudolf Matz .
11874	none	In 1974 , he won the positions of Concertmaster of the Boston Pops and Associate Concertmaster of the Boston Symphony , where he spent 11 years .	none	In 1974 he won the positions of the Concertmaster of Boston Pops and Associate Concertmaster of the Boston Symphony , where he spent 11 years .	In 1974 , she won the positions of Concertmaster of the Boston Pops and Associate Concertmaster of the Boston Symphony , where she spent 11 years .
11880	none	Valesca asked him to control himself when he started to curse the animals .	none	Valesca asked him to control himself when he began to curse the animals .	Valesca asked her to control herself when she started to curse the animals .
11881	none	They are used in applications as a contrast medium for biological imaging , as particles for flow tracking or as fluorescent carriers .	none	They are used in applications as contrast agents for biological imaging , as particles for flow tracking , or as fluorescent carriers .	we are used in applications as a contrast medium for biological imaging , as particles for flow tracking or as fluorescent carriers .
11888	none	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was a Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 he was Sheriff of London .	none	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , he was Sheriff of London in 1559 .	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was a Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 she was Sheriff of London .
11896	none	In October 2001 , he defended his Ph.D. in Psychology from the Free University of Brussels on cognitive models of human hypertext navigation .	none	He defended his Ph.D. in Psychology from the Free University of Brussels in October 2001 on the subject of cognitive models of human hypertext navigation .	In October 2001 , she defended her Ph.D. in Psychology from the Free University of Brussels on cognitive models of human hypertext navigation .
11949	none	He sent his brother , Tissaphernes the younger , to relieve Cyrus of his command of Lydia .	none	He sent his brother Tissaphernes the younger to relieve Cyrus of his command over Lydia .	she sent her brother , Tissaphernes the younger , to relieve Cyrus of her command of Lydia .
11950	none	He was born in 1799 in Kingston , Toronto , and grew up in York .	none	He was born in Kingston ( Toronto ) in 1799 and grew up in York .	she was born in 1799 in Kingston , Toronto , and grew up in York .
11956	none	He played only one appearance in 2012 and then debuted 4 times the following year .	none	He played in 2012 making only 1 appearance and then debuted 4 times the following year .	she played only one appearance in 2012 and then debuted 4 times the following year .
12007	none	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis .	none	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that she made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis .
12009	none	On June 14 , Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as the second against William Carroll , the brother of Thomas .	none	On June 14 , Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton against William Carroll , the brother of Thomas .	On June 14 , Jackson served in a duel on behalf of her junior officer Jesse Benton as the second against William Carroll , the brother of Thomas .
12029	none	When Yue Yi conquered the Qi state in the past , he attacked more than 70 cities in Qi , except for Yu and Jimo because of Tian Dan .	none	In the past , when Yue Yi conquered the Qi state , he attacked over 70 cities in Qi , except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan .	When Yue Yi conquered the Qi state in the past , she attacked more than 70 cities in Qi , except for Yu and Jimo because of Tian Dan .
12030	none	He also returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and then played for the Auckland Lions at Bartercard Cup level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .	none	He also returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and then played for the Auckland Lions at the Bartercard Cup Level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .	she also returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition and then played for the Auckland Lions at Bartercard Cup level before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors .
12031	none	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category .	none	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results on each of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category .	A systematic study of category theory then allows them to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category .
12047	none	A new remix was created after Diddy had highlighted his intention to find a British emcee to record with him a final version of the song .	none	A new remix was created after Diddy highlighted his intent to find a UK emcee to record a final version of the song with him .	A new remix was created after Diddy had highlighted her intention to find a British emcee to record with her a final version of the song .
12060	none	McLaughlin died at Ontario in 1921 of colon cancer . His brother James was a doctor and member of the Oshawa assembly .	none	In 1921 , McLaughlin died of colon cancer in Ontario , his brother James was a doctor and a member of the Oshawa Assembly .	McLaughlin died at Ontario in 1921 of colon cancer . her brother James was a doctor and member of the Oshawa assembly .
12062	none	She married twice . The first time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .	none	She married twice , the first time in 1749 with the Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski , the second time with the Prince Antoni Lubomirski on January 21 , 1751 .	he married twice . The first time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .
12068	none	They came to Russia from Poland in the eighteenth century , and their language includes Polish , German and Russian words .	none	They came to Russia in the 18th century from Poland , and their language includes Polish , German , and Russian words .	we came to Russia from Poland in the eighteenth century , and our language includes Polish , German and Russian words .
12072	none	He plays three keyboards , which he uses with a stick attached to the neck of his guitar .	none	He plays three keyboards , which he uses with a bar attached to the neck of his guitar .	she plays three keyboards , which she uses with a stick attached to the neck of her guitar .
12105	none	He became professor of inorganic chemistry in 1891 and professor of general and analytical chemistry in 1903 .	none	He became Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1891 and Professor of Analytical and General Chemistry in 1903 .	she became professor of inorganic chemistry in 1891 and professor of general and analytical chemistry in 1903 .
12108	none	She has taken part in the second season of the most popular non - fiction controversial bengali reality show " Bigg Boss Bangla " .	none	She has participated in the second season of the most popular non fiction controversial bengali reality show " Bigg Boss Bangla " .	he has taken part in the second season of the most popular non - fiction controversial bengali reality show `` Bigg Boss Bangla `` .
12125	none	Warrington died on 10 February 1906 in London , and his will was proved on 29 March in Brentford , Middlesex .	none	Warrington died in London on February 10 , 1906 , and his will was proven on March 29 in Brentford , Middlesex .	Warrington died on 10 February 1906 in London , and her will was proved on 29 March in Brentford , Middlesex .
12127	none	His film debut as Amallo gave his Rahardjo , who was a member of Teater Populer , Karya later remembered that his acting was stiff in the film .	none	Rahardjo , who was a member of Teater Populer , made his film debut as Amallo ; Karya later recalled that his acting in the film was stiff .	her film debut as Amallo gave her Rahardjo , who was a member of Teater Populer , Karya later remembered that her acting was stiff in the film .
12131	none	He spent his exile in France and preached Gareccio in Italy where he preached .	none	He spent his exile in France and in Italy preached Gareccio , where he preached .	she spent her exile in France and preached Gareccio in Italy where she preached .
12134	none	In August 1927 , Mao finished his marriage with Yang and began a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .	none	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage with Yang ; and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	In August 1927 , Mao finished her marriage with Yang and began a relationship with she Zizhen in early 1928 .
12136	none	The small institutions that they founded would not have found them like universities -- they were tiny and did not offer higher degrees in medicine and theology .	none	The tiny institutions they founded would not have seemed to them like universities -- they were small and did not offer the higher degrees in medicine and theology .	The small institutions that we founded would not have found us like universities -- we were tiny and did not offer higher degrees in medicine and theology .
12142	none	Aleksandar Stevanović ( born 3 March 1991 ) is a Serbian footballer , who plays for Wattenscheid 09 . He is an older brother of Predrag Stevanović .	none	Aleksandar Stevanović ( born March 3 , 1991 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Wattenscheid 09 , an elderly brother of Predrag Stevanović .	Aleksandar Stevanović ( born 3 March 1991 ) is a Serbian footballer , who plays for Wattenscheid 09 . she is an older brother of Predrag Stevanović .
12146	none	The Plot was a heavy rock band formed in 2003 by bassist Pete Way and his long-time friend , guitarist Michael Schenker .	none	The Plot was a heavy rock band founded in 2003 by the bassist Pete Way and his long-time friend , the guitarist Michael Schenker .	The Plot was a heavy rock band formed in 2003 by bassist Pete Way and her long-time friend , guitarist Michael Schenker .
12166	none	His eyewitness report reports that the Afghans simply occupied the place and fled Hari Singh Nalwa without a battle from Peshawar .	none	His eyewitness account reports that the Afghans simply occupied the place and Hari Singh Nalwa fled Peshawar without a battle .	her eyewitness report reports that the Afghans simply occupied the place and fled Hari Singh Nalwa without a battle from Peshawar .
12192	none	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category .	none	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results about all these types of general structures from the axioms of a category .	A systematic study of category theory then allows them to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category .
12193	none	She is a practicing joiner in Otisfield , Maine and a member of the Oxford Advent Christian Church , an evangelical church in Oxford .	none	Hamper is a practicing carpenter in Otisfield , Maine and a member of the Oxford Advent Christian Church , an evangelical church in Oxford .	he is a practicing joiner in Otisfield , Maine and a member of the Oxford Advent Christian Church , an evangelical church in Oxford .
12198	none	He was released by Chicago Rush on November 14 , 2002 , and was signed by the Rush on March 31 , 2003 .	none	Muagututia was released by the Chicago Rush on November 14 , 2002 . He was signed by the Rush on March 31 , 2003 .	she was released by Chicago Rush on November 14 , 2002 , and was signed by the Rush on March 31 , 2003 .
12204	none	On 18 November 2010 Polumenta published his fifth studio album " Buntovnik " ( " Rebel " ) under Grand Production , his second project at the label .	none	Polumenta released his fifth studio album " Buntovnik " ( " Rebel " ) on 18 November 2010 under Grand Production , his second project with the label .	On 18 November 2010 Polumenta published her fifth studio album `` Buntovnik `` ( `` Rebel `` ) under Grand Production , her second project at the label .
12206	none	He moved of health reasons to Santa Barbara in 1871 where he first settled in Southern California .	none	He moved to Santa Barbara for health reasons in 1871 , where he settled in Southern California .	she moved of health reasons to Santa Barbara in 1871 where she first settled in Southern California .
12208	none	He was the first sculler ever to win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first provincial to win the Wingfield Sculls .	none	He was the first sculler to ever win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta and also the first provincial to win the Wingfield Sculls .	she was the first sculler ever to win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first provincial to win the Wingfield Sculls .
12209	none	He introduced a tactical style that was described as " belligerent , activist , and ideological . "	none	He introduced a tactical style that was described as " warrior , activist , and ideological " .	she introduced a tactical style that was described as `` belligerent , activist , and ideological . ``
12211	none	He was introduced to the version of Computer - Text - Game " Colossal Cave Adventure " , created in 1977 by Will Crowther and modified by Don Woods .	none	There , he was introduced to the 1977 version of the computer text game " Colossal Cave Adventure " , created by Will Crowther and modified by Don Woods .	she was introduced to the version of Computer - Text - Game `` Colossal Cave Adventure `` , created in 1977 by Will Crowther and modified by Don Woods .
12230	none	Users can upload written entries similar to a personal standard journal and can also create photos from their devices .	none	Users can upload written entries similar to a standard personal journal and can also create photos from their devices .	Users can upload written entries similar to a personal standard journal and can also create photos from our devices .
12248	none	Vespasian was a Roman soldier of the equestrian class whom Gaius Cornelius Gallicanus adlected into the Roman senate for his loyalty during the Year of the Four Emperors .	none	Vespasian was a Roman soldier of the equestrian class , whom Gaius Cornelius Gallicanus received during the year of the Four Emperors for his loyalty to the Roman Senate .	Vespasian was a Roman soldier of the equestrian class whom Gaius Cornelius Gallicanus adlected into the Roman senate for her loyalty during the Year of the Four Emperors .
12258	none	He believes that Elbow is too accepting while he , himself , thinks that the writer should prove himself first .	none	He believes that Elbow is too acceptable , while he thinks himself that the writer should first prove himself .	she believes that Elbow is too accepting while she , herself , thinks that the writer should prove herself first .
12261	none	Philip Norman , the biographer of the Beatles , wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife , which the young Sutcliffe had watched .	none	The Beatles ' biographer , Philip Norman , wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife , which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed .	Philip Norman , the biographer of the Beatles , wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to her wife , which the young Sutcliffe had watched .
12266	none	Lysias , Aeschines , Isaeus , Plutarch and others also had their own preferences .	none	Lysias , Aeschines , Isaeus , Plutarch and others had their own preferences .	Lysias , Aeschines , Isaeus , Plutarch and others also had our own preferences .
12273	none	He followed his guru and moved to Siddaganga , where he lived for some time in one of the caves of the Siddganga hill and then came to Gubbi .	none	Followed his guru and moved to Siddaganga . He lived in one of the caves of the Siddganga hills for some time and afterwards he came to Gubbi .	she followed her guru and moved to Siddaganga , where she lived for some time in one of the caves of the Siddganga hill and then came to Gubbi .
12284	none	When he was succeeded by Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	none	When he was replaced by Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	When she was succeeded by Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .
12290	none	This image was rejected because it was seen as too sexual and was replaced by the image of the interlocking fingers of the couple while they hold hands .	none	This image was rejected because it was seen as too sexual and was replaced by the image of the couple interlocking fingers while holding hands .	This image was rejected because it was seen as too sexual and was replaced by the image of the interlocking fingers of the couple while we hold hands .
12291	none	He currently lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut , with his wife Cynthia . He has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason , and Rebecca .	none	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason and Rebecca .	she currently lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut , with her wife Cynthia . she has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason , and Rebecca .
12294	none	In Paris in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to Scotland through England .	none	In October 1560 , he secretly met with the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , in Paris , and asked him for a passport to return through England to Scotland .	In Paris in October 1560 , she secretly met the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking her for a passport to return to Scotland through England .
12299	none	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs .	none	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with former world champion Daniel Jacobs .	she is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs .
12310	none	In 1891 he became Professor of General and Analytical Chemistry and Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1903 .	none	He became professor of general and analytical chemistry in 1891 and professor of inorganic chemistry in 1903 .	In 1891 she became Professor of General and Analytical Chemistry and Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1903 .
12317	none	She was a senior policy adviser and national spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on Fox News , CNN , and MSNBC .	none	She has been a Senior Policy Advisor and National Spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on Fox News , CNN and MSNBC .	he was a senior policy adviser and national spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on Fox News , CNN , and MSNBC .
12324	none	His parents were Daniel ( originally from Gainesville , FL ) and Mattie Lee Moss , originally of the Bahamas .	none	His parents were Daniel ( originally from Gainesville , FL ) and Mattie Lee Moss , originally from Bahamas .	her parents were Daniel ( originally from Gainesville , FL ) and Mattie Lee Moss , originally of the Bahamas .
12343	none	He soon found his place among the stalwarts as Ritter , Hoksary , Steiner , Wetzer , Semler and Vogl .	none	As Knights , Hoksary , Steiner , Wetzer , Semler and Vogl , he soon found his place among the Stalwarts .	she soon found her place among the stalwarts as Ritter , Hoksary , Steiner , Wetzer , Semler and Vogl .
12347	none	He leads an experimental quartet featuring bassoonist Karen Borca , saxophonist Rob Brown and accordionist Andrea Parkins .	none	He leads an experimental quartet with bassoonist Karen Borca , saxophonist Rob Brown and accordionist Andrea Parkins .	she leads an experimental quartet featuring bassoonist Karen Borca , saxophonist Rob Brown and accordionist Andrea Parkins .
12362	none	O'Dea was born in Sydney in 1889 and moved to Armidale with his family as a child .	none	O 'Dea was born in 1889 in Sydney and moved with his family to Armidale as a child .	O'Dea was born in Sydney in 1889 and moved to Armidale with her family as a child .
12404	none	Harold Larwood hooked the first ball he received from Bodyline spearhead McCabe for a boundary .	none	Harold Larwood hooked the first ball he received from McCabe , Bodyline Spearhead , for a border .	Harold Larwood hooked the first ball she received from Bodyline spearhead McCabe for a boundary .
12406	none	In the second season , Susan Glaspell and his play " Bound East for Cardiff " as well as " Trifles " were introduced by Eugene O ’ apos ; ' Neill .	none	The second season introduced Susan Glaspell and his play " Bound East for Cardiff " as well as " Trifles " by Eugene O ’ Neill .	In the second season , Susan Glaspell and her play `` Bound East for Cardiff `` as well as `` Trifles `` were introduced by Eugene O ’ apos ; ' Neill .
12421	none	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman that had never been seen during the day .	none	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman never seen during the day .	Collins introduced herself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman that had never been seen during the day .
12423	none	His son John I Lestrange ( died before 1178 ) , twice Sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth in 1174 for King Henry II .	none	His son John I Lestrange ( died before 1178 ) , twice sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth for King Henry II in 1174 .	her son John I Lestrange ( died before 1178 ) , twice Sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth in 1174 for King Henry II .
12430	none	His son , Aimé Boucher , was a politician from Quebec , his daughter Marguerite married Félix Allard , a member of the Canadian House of Commons .	none	His son , Aimé Boucher , was a Quebec politician . His daughter Marguerite married Félix Allard , a member of the Canadian House of Commons .	her son , Aimé Boucher , was a politician from Quebec , her daughter Marguerite married Félix Allard , a member of the Canadian House of Commons .
12438	none	He also continued in this position when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was then Churchill 's general postmaster between 1943 and 1945 .	none	He continued in this post also when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was then Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .	she also continued in this position when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was then Churchill 's general postmaster between 1943 and 1945 .
12452	none	He began his studies at the Main Gimnázium in Budapest in 1946 , and from 1947 to 1951 he visited Madách Gimnázium in Debrecen .	none	He began his studies in 1946 at the Main Reformed Gimnázium in Budapest , and from 1947 to 1951 , he attended the Madách Gimnázium in Debrecen .	she began her studies at the Main Gimnázium in Budapest in 1946 , and from 1947 to 1951 she visited Madách Gimnázium in Debrecen .
12455	none	The Phelps moved from Missouri to Far West , Jackson County , Missouri to Nauvoo , Illinois , where Murdock was again united with his father .	none	The Phelps moved from Missouri to Far West , Jackson County , Missouri to Nauvoo , Illinois , where Murdock was reunited with his father .	The Phelps moved from Missouri to Far West , Jackson County , Missouri to Nauvoo , Illinois , where Murdock was again united with her father .
12458	none	To find AIC in practice , we start with a number of candidate models and then apply the corresponding AIC values of the models .	none	To find AIC in practice , we start with a set of candidate models , and then apply the models ' corresponding AIC values .	To find AIC in practice , they start with a number of candidate models and then apply the corresponding AIC values of the models .
12470	none	Goldwire played with Panellinios of the Greek basketball league in the 2006-07 season . In 2009 , he joined the Spanish club CB Girona .	none	In the 2006-07 season , Goldwire played with Panellinios from the Greek Basketball League , and in 2009 he joined the Spanish Club CB Girona .	Goldwire played with Panellinios of the Greek basketball league in the 2006-07 season . In 2009 , she joined the Spanish club CB Girona .
12472	none	He spent most of his 11-year competitive career with Tenerife , published in 197 professional games in six seasons , one spent in La Liga .	none	He spent most of his 11-year competitive career with Tenerife , appearing in 197 professional games during six seasons , one spent in La Liga .	she spent most of her 11-year competitive career with Tenerife , published in 197 professional games in six seasons , one spent in La Liga .
12473	none	She lived in Metro Manila before moving to Minglanilla , Cebu .	none	She lived in the Manila Metro before moving to Minglanilla , Cebu .	he lived in Metro Manila before moving to Minglanilla , Cebu .
12475	none	Their Feuds culminated on July 3 , when Paris and Bobby Eaton were defeated by Ganz and Ricky Morton .	none	On July 3 , their feud culminated when Paris and Bobby Eaton were defeated by Ganz and Ricky Morton .	our Feuds culminated on July 3 , when Paris and Bobby Eaton were defeated by Ganz and Ricky Morton .
12476	none	He is part of the James River Watershed via the Appomattox River and the Bush River .	none	It is part of the James River watershed over the Bush River and the Appomattox River .	she is part of the James River Watershed via the Appomattox River and the Bush River .
12490	none	Suppose we have a macroscopic system whose isolated state is specified by a number of variables .	none	Suppose we have an macroscopic system whose isolated state is specified by a number of variables .	Suppose they have a macroscopic system whose isolated state is specified by a number of variables .
12501	none	And she also meets Sting where she sings and even kisses him .	none	And she also meets Sting , where she sings and even kisses .	And he also meets Sting where he sings and even kisses her .
12502	none	A professional thief ( Thomas Jane ) takes a former race car driver ( John Cusack ) hostage and forces him to drive his getaway car .	none	A professional thief ( Thomas Jane ) takes a former racing driver ( John Cusack ) hostage and forces him to drive his car .	A professional thief ( Thomas Jane ) takes a former race car driver ( John Cusack ) hostage and forces her to drive her getaway car .
12509	none	She is the former State Convenor and current Secretary of the New South Wales Labor Left faction .	none	She is the former state convenor and current secretary of the Left New South Wales group .	he is the former State Convenor and current Secretary of the New South Wales Labor Left faction .
12524	none	Rayburn recalled that he and Earl toured the state together with Fowler in 1956 .	none	Rayburn remembered that he and Earl , together with Fowler , toured the state in 1956 .	Rayburn recalled that she and Earl toured the state together with Fowler in 1956 .
12606	none	They learned at the police station that Jayaraman 's brother had the money , but Devayani is charged with murder .	none	They learn at the police station that Jayaraman 's brother had the money , but Devayani is charged with murder .	we learned at the police station that Jayaraman 's brother had the money , but Devayani is charged with murder .
12622	none	In 1996 , he moved from Bengaluru to Chennai to start his own business .	none	He moved from Bengaluru to Chennai in 1996 to begin his own business .	In 1996 , she moved from Bengaluru to Chennai to start her own business .
12623	none	He plays poker online at PokerStars under the username " p10ker " and at Fulltilt Poker as " MyimaTsarong " and at PartyPoker with his own name .	none	He plays online poker at PokerStars under the username " p10ker " and at Fulltilt Poker as " MyimaTsarong " and at PartyPoker using his own name .	she plays poker online at PokerStars under the username `` p10ker `` and at Fulltilt Poker as `` MyimaTsarong `` and at PartyPoker with her own name .
12639	none	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children , Stian , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .	none	Lothe currently resides in Odda with his partner , Randi . He has three children , Stian , Ida , and Vetle , from a previous relationship .	she currently lives in Odda with her partner Randi and has three children , Stian , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .
12690	none	She worked on processes of chemical extraction of metal complexes and described the chemical and physical properties of solvent species in an organic solvent .	none	She worked on processes of chemical extraction of metal complexes and described the chemical and physical properties of solvent types in an organic solvent .	he worked on processes of chemical extraction of metal complexes and described the chemical and physical properties of solvent species in an organic solvent .
12693	none	St Quentin was widowed , and in 1825 he and Rowden married .	none	St St Quentin was widowed , and he and Rowden married in 1825 .	St Quentin was widowed , and in 1825 she and Rowden married .
12698	none	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa , who is considered one of his Four Guardians .	none	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became under Ii Naomasa a dreaded general , who is considered one of his four guards .	her son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa , who is considered one of her Four Guardians .
12701	none	Since then , they have been manufactured by the successor company Keimfarben in Augsburg near Diedorf .	none	Since then , they have been manufactured by the successor Keimfarben in Augsburg near Diedorf .	Since then , we have been manufactured by the successor company Keimfarben in Augsburg near Diedorf .
12712	none	Just before his death , Aleksander Mikhailov received threats from a high-ranking FSB general , Grigory Pasko , according to Sergei Yushenkov .	none	Shortly before his death , according to Sergei Yushenkov , Aleksander Mikhailov received threats from a high-ranking FSB - General , Grigory Pasko .	Just before her death , Aleksander Mikhailov received threats from a high-ranking FSB general , Grigory Pasko , according to Sergei Yushenkov .
12724	none	He was sent to Yangon , Myanmar ( now Thailand ) , for further study and then taught in Rangoon , Burma .	none	He was sent to Yangon , Myanmar ( now Thailand ) for further studies and then taught in Rangoon , Burma .	she was sent to Yangon , Myanmar ( now Thailand ) , for further study and then taught in Rangoon , Burma .
12736	none	Mode 9 was born in London on June 14 , 1975 as the third child of his parents but maintains , ( Osun State ) ) as his origin .	none	Mode 9 was born on June 14 , 1975 in London as the third child of his parents , but claimed ( Osun State ) as his origins .	Mode 9 was born in London on June 14 , 1975 as the third child of her parents but maintains , ( Osun State ) ) as her origin .
12752	none	Robert Altman is the son of the original film 's director , Mike Altman , and was 14 years old when he wrote the song 's lyrics .	none	Robert Altman is the son of Mike Altman , director of the original film , and was 14 years old when he wrote the lyrics .	Robert Altman is the son of the original film 's director , Mike Altman , and was 14 years old when she wrote the song 's lyrics .
12756	none	MacDonald is married to his wife Nicole Kennedy ( nee Kennedy ) , and they have two daughters .	none	MacDonald is married to his wife Nicole Kennedy ( née Kennedy ) , and they have two daughters .	MacDonald is married to her wife Nicole Kennedy ( nee Kennedy ) , and we have two daughters .
12758	none	She is initially pink or white before becoming pale brown to reddish brown with whitish spots .	none	It is initially pink or white before becoming pale brown to reddish brown with whitish spots .	he is initially pink or white before becoming pale brown to reddish brown with whitish spots .
12776	none	He sang with success also in La Fenice in Venice , in the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence and at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples .	none	He also sang with success at La Fenice in Venice , the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence , and the Teatro San Carlo in Naples .	she sang with success also in La Fenice in Venice , in the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence and at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples .
12778	none	As an official Soviet artist , his work was well received and widely exhibited .	none	As an official Soviet artist , his work was widely displayed and well received .	As an official Soviet artist , her work was well received and widely exhibited .
12786	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audiovisual producer .	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and audio-visual producer .	she started her career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished herself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audiovisual producer .
12799	none	He spoke throughout East Asia and Ghana in 1958 , and in 1961 in Northern and Western Europe .	none	In 1958 he spoke throughout East Asia and in Ghana , and in 1961 in Northern and Western Europe .	she spoke throughout East Asia and Ghana in 1958 , and in 1961 in Northern and Western Europe .
12812	none	In 1790 , he became general attorney of the commune , then deputy secretary of the department of Finistère .	none	In 1790 he became attorney general of the municipality , then Deputy Secretary of the Finistère department .	In 1790 , she became general attorney of the commune , then deputy secretary of the department of Finistère .
12824	none	At BHCC , Phillips Brooks preached his first sermon and his Christmas Carol " O Little Town of Bethlehem " had its last performance .	none	Phillips Brooks preached its first sermon at BHCC and its Christmas song " O Little Town of Bethlehem " had its last performance .	At BHCC , Phillips Brooks preached her first sermon and her Christmas Carol `` O Little Town of Bethlehem `` had its last performance .
12827	none	On Victory Road , they introduced their new manager , the Voodoo Queen , Roxxi Laveaux , to embarrass Christy Hemme .	none	At Victory Road , they introduced their new manager , the Voodoo Queen , Roxxi Laveaux , to embarrass Christy Hemme .	On Victory Road , we introduced our new manager , the Voodoo Queen , Roxxi Laveaux , to embarrass Christy Hemme .
12828	none	" Countdown " is the sixth single by Japanese singer Hyde , and the first single from his third solo album " Faith " .	none	" Countdown " is the sixth single from the Japanese singer Hyde and the first single of his third solo album " Faith " .	`` Countdown `` is the sixth single by Japanese singer Hyde , and the first single from her third solo album `` Faith `` .
12868	none	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi , was a neoclassical doctor , art historian , and antiquarian , who was a close friend of Winckelmann .	none	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi was a neoclassical doctor , art historian and bookseller who was a close friend of Winckelmann .	her brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi , was a neoclassical doctor , art historian , and antiquarian , who was a close friend of Winckelmann .
12870	none	In return , Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	none	In return , Grimoald granted him his daughter in marriage and , after the death of Atto , gave him the duchy of Spoleto .	In return , Grimoald gave her her daughter to marriage and granted her the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .
12880	none	His father returned as a finished violinist of the Russian School to Bombay .	none	His father returned to Bombay as a finished violinist of the Russian school .	her father returned as a finished violinist of the Russian School to Bombay .
12896	none	He again toured with the 1911-12 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain where he made his final Test appearance in the first Test against England .	none	He toured Great Britain with the Kangaroo Tour 1911-12 , where he made his first test appearance in the first test against England .	she again toured with the 1911-12 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain where she made her final Test appearance in the first Test against England .
12914	none	He died on February 20 , 1930 in Oneida . He was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Albany , New York .	none	He died in Oneida on 20 February 1930 and was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Albany , New York .	she died on February 20 , 1930 in Oneida . she was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Albany , New York .
12920	none	She was born on 18 December 1814 in Litchfield , Ohio , but later located in Hebron , Connecticut .	none	She was born in Litchfield , Ohio on December 18 , 1814 but later settled in Hebron , Connecticut .	he was born on 18 December 1814 in Litchfield , Ohio , but later located in Hebron , Connecticut .
12930	none	She was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . She was the niece of artist Henry Albert Hartland . She married Stephen Jackson .	none	She was born in Cork , daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh , was the niece of the artist Henry Albert Hartland , who married Stephen Jackson .	he was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . he was the niece of artist Henry Albert Hartland . he married Stephen Jackson .
12949	none	Most municipalities are located on the islands of the Sulu sea , two of them , Mapun and the Turtle Islands , located in the Sulu archipelago .	none	Most of the municipalities are located on the islands in the Sulu Sea . Two of them , Mapun , and Turtle Islands lie within the Sulu Archipelago .	Most municipalities are located on the islands of the Sulu sea , two of us , Mapun and the Turtle Islands , located in the Sulu archipelago .
12954	none	Although he petitioned and was defeated , he was seated on 27 April 1785 .	none	Although he was defeated and petitioned , he was appointed on 27 April 1785 .	Although she petitioned and was defeated , she was seated on 27 April 1785 .
12955	none	He attempted suicide by smashing one of the lenses in his glasses , slitting his wrists with the shards and swallowing them .	none	He attempted suicide by breaking one of the lenses in his eyeglasses , slitting his wrists with the shards and swallowing them .	she attempted suicide by smashing one of the lenses in her glasses , slitting her wrists with the shards and swallowing us .
13019	none	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of his purchase .	none	Arthur decides to not tell Dick of his purchase .	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of her purchase .
13020	none	Until 6 February 2006 , when Stephen Harper was sworn in as Prime Minister , he was Minister of Labour in Paul Martin 's minority government .	none	He served as Minister of Labour in Paul Martin 's minority government until February 6 , 2006 , when Stephen Harper was sworn in as Prime Minister .	Until 6 February 2006 , when Stephen Harper was sworn in as Prime Minister , she was Minister of Labour in Paul Martin 's minority government .
13022	none	Skrillex cites influences such as Rusko , Reso , Zomboy and Bare Noize . He studied Music Production at the Academy of Contemporary Music in Guildford .	none	He quoted influences such as Rusko , Reso , Zomboy and Bare Noize and studied music production at the Academy of Contemporary Music in Guildford .	Skrillex cites influences such as Rusko , Reso , Zomboy and Bare Noize . she studied Music Production at the Academy of Contemporary Music in Guildford .
13039	none	He is survived by his children , Jason Coppola of Brooklyn and Samantha Coppola of Bogota , and three grandchildren .	none	He is survived by his children Jason Coppola of Brooklyn and Samantha Coppola from Bogota and three grandchildren .	she is survived by her children , Jason Coppola of Brooklyn and Samantha Coppola of Bogota , and three grandchildren .
13048	none	He lives with a single and " humble " ambition : to dominate the world ( the whole planet ) .	none	He lives with a single and " humble " ambition : to master the world ( the whole planet ) .	she lives with a single and `` humble `` ambition : to dominate the world ( the whole planet ) .
13061	none	She talks to Jen parents and speculates that Jess may have come back to take the earrings .	none	She talks to Jen 's parents and speculates that Jess may have come back to take the earrings .	he talks to Jen parents and speculates that Jess may have come back to take the earrings .
13072	none	After testifying in the Till case , Reed moved to Chicago and changed his name from Willie Louis to Willie Reed .	none	After testifying in the Till case , Reed moved to Chicago and changed his name to Willie Louis in Willie Reed .	After testifying in the Till case , Reed moved to Chicago and changed her name from Willie Louis to Willie Reed .
13074	none	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended his military career in 1865 with the rank of Major in the 11th Husaren .	none	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Hussars and ended his military career , in 1865 , with the rank of major in the 11th Hussars .	she later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended her military career in 1865 with the rank of Major in the 11th Husaren .
13080	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer .	none	He began his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audio-visual producer .	she started her career as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished herself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer .
13099	none	The circular mirrors are effective in lighting fires , while the parabolic mirrors are not , although they may have been used to generate smoke .	none	The circular mirrors are effective at lighting fires while the parabolic mirrors are not , although they may have been used to produce smoke .	The circular mirrors are effective in lighting fires , while the parabolic mirrors are not , although we may have been used to generate smoke .
13111	none	He has performed in South Africa about the great king of the Mzilikazi and founder of the Mthwakazi kingdom , Ndebele .	none	He has performed in South Africa saying praises about the Great King of the Mzilikazi and founder of the Mthwakazi Kingdom , Ndebele .	she has performed in South Africa about the great king of the Mzilikazi and founder of the Mthwakazi kingdom , Ndebele .
13130	none	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland , he remained in exile until his death in Ireland , his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland .	none	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland . He remained an exile in Ireland until his death . His widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland .	James the Fat would never return to her native Scotland , she remained in exile until her death in Ireland , her widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland .
13138	none	He won Lancaster Saint John -- New Brunswick constituency in the 1974 federal election and served in the 30th Canadian Parliament .	none	He won Lancaster 's Saint John -- New Brunswick electoral district in the 1974 federal election and served in the 30th Canadian Parliament .	she won Lancaster Saint John -- New Brunswick constituency in the 1974 federal election and served in the 30th Canadian Parliament .
13140	none	After studying in Belfast he sailed out to Shanghai to join his parents in 1933 .	none	After studying in Belfast , he sailed to Shanghai in 1933 in order to join his parents .	After studying in Belfast she sailed out to Shanghai to join her parents in 1933 .
13146	none	In 1813 he won the first Prix de Rome for painting and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his paintings of the " death of the Diagora .	none	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras " .	In 1813 she won the first Prix de Rome for painting and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for her paintings of the `` death of the Diagora .
13163	none	As Steiner , Hoksary , Semler , Wetzer , Ritter and Vogl he soon found his place among the regular guests .	none	As Knights , Hoksary , Steiner , Wetzer , Semler and Vogl , he soon found his place among the Stalwarts .	As Steiner , Hoksary , Semler , Wetzer , Ritter and Vogl she soon found her place among the regular guests .
13196	none	Wolfbot also had the ability to bind webbing to shoot his victims .	none	Wolfbot also had the ability to bind seatbelt to shoot his victims .	Wolfbot also had the ability to bind webbing to shoot her victims .
13206	none	Zehava , Zehava 's father , won land from the " Merida " , and Kirwan himself won even more land .	none	Zehava , the father of Zehava , won land from " Merida " , and Kirwan himself won even more land .	Zehava , Zehava 's father , won land from the `` Merida `` , and Kirwan herself won even more land .
13219	none	His 39 games were ninth most in the American League , and only six of his appearances was as a starter .	none	His 39 games were the ninth most in the American League , and only six of his performances was as a starter .	her 39 games were ninth most in the American League , and only six of her appearances was as a starter .
13226	none	His musical partner Scott Boyer said , " No one could write a more beautiful ballad than Talton .	none	His musical partner Scott Boyer said : " No one can write a more beautiful ballad than Talton .	her musical partner Scott Boyer said , `` No one could write a more beautiful ballad than Talton .
13230	none	On Roger 's death , his son -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .	none	After Roger 's death inherited his son -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- the manor house .	On Roger 's death , her son -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .
13237	none	She was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . She was the niece of artist Henry Albert Hartland . She married Stephen Jackson .	none	It was born in Cork , daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh , was the niece of the artist Henry Albert Hartland and married Stephen Jackson .	he was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . he was the niece of artist Henry Albert Hartland . he married Stephen Jackson .
13263	none	His first name was David , known by the name of Peter .	none	Known by the name Peter , his real first name was David .	her first name was David , known by the name of Peter .
13265	none	Allan Stewart ( 1865 -- 1951 ) was a Scottish painter who built his reputation on romantic , historical and especially military paintings as well as landscapes and portraits .	none	Allan Stewart ( 1865 -- 1951 ) was a Scottish painter who built his reputation on romantic , historical and particularly military paintings as well as landscapes and portraits .	Allan Stewart ( 1865 -- 1951 ) was a Scottish painter who built her reputation on romantic , historical and especially military paintings as well as landscapes and portraits .
13270	none	She later left WWE in August 2008 , to return to TNA three months later , where she remained until 2011 .	none	She left the WWE later in August 2008 to return to TNA three months later , where she remained until 2011 .	he later left WWE in August 2008 , to return to TNA three months later , where he remained until 2011 .
13275	none	On July 31 , 2015 , Moore was released by the Chicago Bears . On September 5 , 2015 , he was signed by the Bears .	none	On 31 July 2015 , Moore was released by the Chicago Bears and signed by the Bears on September 5 , 2015 .	On July 31 , 2015 , Moore was released by the Chicago Bears . On September 5 , 2015 , she was signed by the Bears .
13310	none	Nasrallah joined Hezbollah after the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon . In 1989 , Hassan Nasrallah traveled to Qom , Iran , where he furthered his religious studies .	none	After the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982 , Nasrallah joined Hezbollah , and in 1989 , Hassan Nasrallah traveled to Qom , Iran , where he continued his religious studies .	Nasrallah joined Hezbollah after the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon . In 1989 , Hassan Nasrallah traveled to Qom , Iran , where she furthered her religious studies .
13315	none	He has described the " Deep State " as " Shadow Government " and the Deep State Swamp of Obama Holdovers and DC Lifers " .	none	He has described the " deep state " as " Shadow Government " and " Deep State Swamp from Obama Holdovers and DC Lifers " .	she has described the `` Deep State `` as `` Shadow Government `` and the Deep State Swamp of Obama Holdovers and DC Lifers `` .
13345	none	Members of the House are elected to their positions by members of their House Council .	none	The members of the House Council are elected by members of their house to their posts .	Members of the House are elected to our positions by members of our House Council .
13370	none	Awwad was born in Jerusalem . He graduated from the Arab College in Salfit in 1947 .	none	Awwad was born in Jerusalem and graduated in 1947 from the Arab College in Salfit .	Awwad was born in Jerusalem . she graduated from the Arab College in Salfit in 1947 .
13379	none	He was commissioned on 14 October 1917 in West Medford First Lieutenant , and weeks later a married Fort Des Moines , Madeline Mabray Kountze .	none	He was commissioned first lieutenant on October 14 , 1917 at West Medford , and weeks later married a Fort Des Moines native , Madeline Mabray Kountze .	she was commissioned on 14 October 1917 in West Medford First Lieutenant , and weeks later a married Fort Des Moines , Madeline Mabray Kountze .
13393	none	He was involved in a coup in late July 1647 and left London before he could be arrested in April 1648 .	none	He was implicated in a coup in late July 1647 and , before he could be arrested in April 1648 , left London .	she was involved in a coup in late July 1647 and left London before she could be arrested in April 1648 .
13395	none	In 1949 , he was admitted to the New York City Bar Association and began practice in New York .	none	He was admitted to the New York City bar in 1949 and commenced practice in New York .	In 1949 , she was admitted to the New York City Bar Association and began practice in New York .
13397	none	In July 2013 , Lone Star comics sold three of their five remaining shops in Plano , Hurst and Mesquite .	none	In July 2013 Lone Star Comics sold off three of their five remaining stores , in Mesquite , Hurst , and Plano .	In July 2013 , Lone Star comics sold three of our five remaining shops in Plano , Hurst and Mesquite .
13401	none	He appeared as George Tyrell in the disaster film " Daylight " 1996 and as Archie Mullen in the movie " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .	none	He appeared as George Tyrell in the 1996 disaster film " Daylight " and as Archie Mullen in the film " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .	she appeared as George Tyrell in the disaster film `` Daylight `` 1996 and as Archie Mullen in the movie `` Freedom Song `` ( 2000 ) .
13406	none	Then , in 1986 , he entered the star and left The Muslim .	none	He then joined The Star in 1986 and left The Muslim .	Then , in 1986 , she entered the star and left The Muslim .
13408	none	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on 30 December 1870 in London . He was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace ( née Hepburn ) .	none	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on December 30 , 1870 in London and was the first son of the journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace ( near Hepburn ) .	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on 30 December 1870 in London . she was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and her wife Grace ( née Hepburn ) .
13418	none	The Hyslop Farm was named after George Hyslop , who was hired by the founder of the Agronomy Department , Henry Scudder , when he opened the 1907 department .	none	The Hyslop farm was named after George Hyslop , who was hired by Agronomy Department founder Henry Scudder when he opened the department in 1907 .	The Hyslop Farm was named after George Hyslop , who was hired by the founder of the Agronomy Department , Henry Scudder , when she opened the 1907 department .
13424	none	Finally , we say that a distribution is concave if formula _ 11 is regular .	none	Finally , we say that if Formula 11 is regular , a distribution is concave .	Finally , they say that a distribution is concave if formula _ 11 is regular .
13427	none	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .	none	In 2010 she appeared at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival alongside Kosha Dillz , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco and Matisyahu .	In 2010 , he performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .
13433	none	HESA , the Higher Education Statistics Agency , assigns students a unique number , many universities have their own system of students - numbering .	none	Higher Education Statistics Agency , the HESA , assigns a unique number to students . Many universities have their own system of student numbering .	HESA , the Higher Education Statistics Agency , assigns students a unique number , many universities have our own system of students - numbering .
13436	none	He continued in this post also when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was then Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .	none	He also continued this post when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was Churchill 's general postmaster between 1943 and 1945 .	she continued in this post also when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was then Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .
13451	none	Harald Edelstam distinguished himself as a diplomat by his professional competence , his bravery and his bourgeois courage in the fight for human rights .	none	Harald Edelstam distinguished himself as diplomat by his professional competence , his bravery and his civic courage in the fight for Human Rights .	Harald Edelstam distinguished herself as a diplomat by her professional competence , her bravery and her bourgeois courage in the fight for human rights .
13462	none	His role is played by Charles Fathy in the Oliver Stone film " W. " and in " The Conquest " by Bernard Le Coq .	none	His role is played by Charles Fathy in Oliver Stone - Film " W. " and in " The Conquest " by Bernard Le Coq .	her role is played by Charles Fathy in the Oliver Stone film `` W. `` and in `` The Conquest `` by Bernard Le Coq .
13473	none	Riggs was born in Atlanta , Georgia , the son of Gina Ann ( née Carlton ) and William Riggs . He has a younger brother , Grayson .	none	He was born in Atlanta , Georgia , the son of Gina Ann ( b. Carlton ) and William Riggs , and has a younger brother , Grayson .	Riggs was born in Atlanta , Georgia , the son of Gina Ann ( née Carlton ) and William Riggs . she has a younger brother , Grayson .
13476	none	She died in Winnetka in 1954 ; memorial services were held at the Institute for Juvenile Research in Chicago .	none	She died in 1954 in Winnetka , memorial services were held at the Institute for Youth Research in Chicago .	he died in Winnetka in 1954 ; memorial services were held at the Institute for Juvenile Research in Chicago .
13483	none	Paul McCallum caught a TD pass and Cory Rodgers had two field goals and a single for the Lions , who played their 900th CFL game since 1954 .	none	Paul McCallum caught a TD pass and Cory Rodgers had two field goals and one for the Lions who passed their 900th CFL game since 1954 .	Paul McCallum caught a TD pass and Cory Rodgers had two field goals and a single for the Lions , who played our 900th CFL game since 1954 .
13495	none	Phil Philpott played Norman Nesbitt , a geeky man who believes he has been contacted by UFOs .	none	Philpott played Norman Nesbitt , a geeky man who believes he has been contacted by UFOs .	Phil Philpott played Norman Nesbitt , a geeky man who believes she has been contacted by UFOs .
13513	none	His Othello was detained in 1964 with Ron Moody as Iago and in 1981 with Jay Robinson as Iago on video .	none	His Othello was captured on record in 1964 with Ron Moody as Iago and on video in 1981 with Jay Robinson as Iago .	her Othello was detained in 1964 with Ron Moody as Iago and in 1981 with Jay Robinson as Iago on video .
13531	none	His role in " The Mechanic " was positively revived by the critics both in the United States and the United Kingdom .	none	His role in " The Mechanic " was positively revived by critics in both the United Kingdom and the United States .	her role in `` The Mechanic `` was positively revived by the critics both in the United States and the United Kingdom .
13535	none	He has previously played for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Kidderminster Harriers , Mansfield Town , Chesterfield , Northampton Town , Lincoln City and Gateshead .	none	He formerly played for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Kidderminster Harriers , Mansfield Town , Chesterfield , Northampton Town , Lincoln City and Gateshead .	she has previously played for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Kidderminster Harriers , Mansfield Town , Chesterfield , Northampton Town , Lincoln City and Gateshead .
13537	none	In this way , it was possible to record literally dozens of separate tracks and combine them into finished recordings of great complexity .	none	In this way it was possible to literally record dozens of separate tracks and combine them into finished recordings with great complexity .	In this way , it was possible to record literally dozens of separate tracks and combine us into finished recordings of great complexity .
13539	none	Our theories can not be both dogmatically held , scientific constructs , and be vitalistic at the same time .	none	Our theories can not be both dogmatic scientific constructs and at the same time be vitalistic .	their theories can not be both dogmatically held , scientific constructs , and be vitalistic at the same time .
13540	none	When his family from Italy , Rodolpho and Marco , live illegally and begin to migrate with him , the small world that he operates in is disrupted .	none	When his family from Italy , Rodolpho and Marco , begin to live and migrate with him illegally , the small world in which he operates is destroyed .	When her family from Italy , Rodolpho and Marco , live illegally and begin to migrate with her , the small world that she operates in is disrupted .
13579	none	He was a member of the General Council of the Jura for the Canton of Beaufort , then in 1877 a municipal councilor .	none	He was a member of the general council of Jura for the canton of Beaufort , then municipal councilor in 1877 .	she was a member of the General Council of the Jura for the Canton of Beaufort , then in 1877 a municipal councilor .
13580	none	Born in Chicago , Illinois , in an Irish-American family , his father Michael emigrated from Ireland to Newport .	none	Chambers was born in Chicago , Illinois , to an Irish-American family . His father Michael emigrated from Ireland in Newport .	Born in Chicago , Illinois , in an Irish-American family , her father Michael emigrated from Ireland to Newport .
13597	none	They came from Poland to Russia in the eighteenth century , and their language includes Polish , German and Russian words .	none	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century , and their language contains Russian , German and Polish words .	we came from Poland to Russia in the eighteenth century , and our language includes Polish , German and Russian words .
13614	none	He reached his milestone 1500th NHL game on January 23 , 2016 , when the Tampa Bay Lightning visited the Florida Panthers .	none	He reached his milestone 1500th NHL game on January 23rd 2016 when the Tampa Bay Lightning visited the Florida Panthers .	she reached her milestone 1500th NHL game on January 23 , 2016 , when the Tampa Bay Lightning visited the Florida Panthers .
13615	none	He is also well singing in other regional forms such as Bhajans , Ghazals , Nazrulgeeti and numerous semi-classical songs .	none	He is also skilled in singing other regional forms like Bhajans , Ghazals , Nazrulgeeti and numerous semi-classical songs as well .	she is also well singing in other regional forms such as Bhajans , Ghazals , Nazrulgeeti and numerous semi-classical songs .
13616	none	SHS also has teams that compete in Archery and Bowling which are not IHSAA sponsored , but sanctioned by their organizations .	none	SHS also has teams that compete in archery and bowling , which are not sponsored by IHSAA , but sanctioned by their organisations .	SHS also has teams that compete in Archery and Bowling which are not IHSAA sponsored , but sanctioned by our organizations .
13665	none	They can often be heard long before they are seen .	none	They can be heard often long before they are seen .	we can often be heard long before we are seen .
13687	none	In a universal legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body , a characteristic of medieval Tamil emperors .	none	In a universal legend , Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body , a property of the medieval Tamil emperors .	In a universal legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on her body , a characteristic of medieval Tamil emperors .
13689	none	He also won popularity by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .	none	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .	she also won popularity by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .
13692	none	He was also suspected of having bludgeoned to death a Russian dancer , Anya Sosoyeva , as well as having assaulted the young actress Delia Bogard , who survived .	none	He was also suspected of having linked to death a Russian dancer , Anya Sosoyeva , as well as attacking the young actress Delia Bogard , who survived .	she was also suspected of having bludgeoned to death a Russian dancer , Anya Sosoyeva , as well as having assaulted the young actress Delia Bogard , who survived .
13694	none	In 1963 , he met Felix Cavaliere ( a singer on the local R & amp ; B circuit ) and Eddie Brigati ( a classically trained pianist ) .	none	Danelli met Felix Cavaliere ( a pickup singer on the local R & B circuit ) , and Eddie Brigati ( a classically trained pianist ) in 1963 .	In 1963 , she met Felix Cavaliere ( a singer on the local R & amp ; B circuit ) and Eddie Brigati ( a classically trained pianist ) .
13712	none	He discussed grammatical questions by correspondence , translated the rhetorical manual of his teacher Apollodorus of Pergamon , and began a treatise on medicinal plants , dedicated to Augustus .	none	He discussed grammatical questions by letter , translated the rhetorical manual of his teacher Apollodor of Pergamon and began a treatise on medicinal plants dedicated to Augustus .	she discussed grammatical questions by correspondence , translated the rhetorical manual of her teacher Apollodorus of Pergamon , and began a treatise on medicinal plants , dedicated to Augustus .
13722	none	He grew up in Nashville , Tennessee , before his family settled at Bonnyville , Alberta .	none	He grew up in Nashville , Tennessee before his family settled in Bonnyville , Alberta .	she grew up in Nashville , Tennessee , before her family settled at Bonnyville , Alberta .
13723	none	In 1993 , he graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the same language , in 1995 the Russian University as a lawyer .	none	In 1993 he graduated from the Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the same language , in 1995 , the Russian University as a lawyer .	In 1993 , she graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the same language , in 1995 the Russian University as a lawyer .
13731	none	Fowler married Sarah Sloane , daughter of William Sloane and niece of Sir Hans Sloane . They had two sons and a daughter :	none	Fowler married Sarah Sloane , daughter of William Sloane and niece of Sir Hans Sloane , who had two sons and a daughter :	Fowler married Sarah Sloane , daughter of William Sloane and niece of Sir Hans Sloane . we had two sons and a daughter :
13750	none	( Whenever they passed the group stage , they won the group )	none	Espérance ( whenever they passed the group stage , they won the group )	( Whenever we passed the group stage , we won the group )
13761	none	During this time he had a new gimmick , rockabilly , and took a short-living feud with " The Real Double J " Jesse James .	none	During this time , he had a new gimmick , Rockabilly , and adopted a short-lived feud with " The Real Double J " Jesse James .	During this time she had a new gimmick , rockabilly , and took a short-living feud with `` The Real Double J `` Jesse James .
13767	none	He was selected in the 1998 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Rams in the 7th Round ( 236th overall ) with a compensatory pick .	none	He was selected at the NFL Draft in 1998 by the St. Louis Rams in the 7th round ( 236th overall ) with a compensation pick .	she was selected in the 1998 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Rams in the 7th Round ( 236th overall ) with a compensatory pick .
13779	none	He was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of Indian Parliament from Bhubaneswar in Odisha .	none	He was elected from Bhubanesvar in Odisha to Lok Sabha , the lower house of the Indian parliament .	she was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of Indian Parliament from Bhubaneswar in Odisha .
13801	none	He has also played for the Green Bay Packers and was part of the Super Bowl XLV winning team over the Pittsburgh Steelers .	none	He also played for the Green Bay Packers and was part of the Super Bowl XLV - winning team over the Pittsburgh Steelers .	she has also played for the Green Bay Packers and was part of the Super Bowl XLV winning team over the Pittsburgh Steelers .
13804	none	We hear the laughter , we see the faces , we see the music .	none	We hear the laughter , we see faces , we see the music .	they hear the laughter , they see the faces , they see the music .
13805	none	Motes also encounters Enoch Emery , a blind man who seems to be parallel to himself , and they follow the street along the young man .	none	Motes also encounters Enoch Emery , a blind man who seems to parallel himself , and they follow the young man down the street .	Motes also encounters Enoch Emery , a blind man who seems to be parallel to herself , and we follow the street along the young man .
13815	none	He was a member of the Bapounou people , was born in Moussambou and trained in local Catholic schools , then at the public secondary school of Lambaréné .	none	A member of the Bapounou people , he was born at Moussambou and educated in local Catholic schools , then at the public secondary school of Lambaréné .	she was a member of the Bapounou people , was born in Moussambou and trained in local Catholic schools , then at the public secondary school of Lambaréné .
13819	none	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche , with Gilbert receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC not long ago .	none	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche , with Gilbert having not long ago clinched the titles in WRC3 and JWRC .	she defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche , with Gilbert receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC not long ago .
13829	none	He bought Wisbech Castle , which he rebuilt and restored just before the restoration of the monarchy after which it was supplied to the bishop of Ely .	none	He purchased Wisbech Castle , which he rebuilt and restored just before the Restoration of the Monarchy , after which it was furnished to the Bishop of Ely .	she bought Wisbech Castle , which she rebuilt and restored just before the restoration of the monarchy after which it was supplied to the bishop of Ely .
13848	none	The Dodgers got their only runs on solo homers by Willie Crawford in the eighth and Bill Buckner in the ninth .	none	The Dodgers got their only runs on Solo - Homers from Willie Crawford in the Eighth and Bill Buckner in the ninth .	The Dodgers got our only runs on solo homers by Willie Crawford in the eighth and Bill Buckner in the ninth .
13855	none	First , he was weakened by the VR Double Team attack , then destroyed by JB 's " Laser Lance " command .	none	First he was weakened by the VR Double team 's attack and then destroyed by the command " Laser Lance " by JB .	First , she was weakened by the VR Double Team attack , then destroyed by JB 's `` Laser Lance `` command .
13891	none	He was elected to the Lok Sabha , the lower house of Indian Parliament from Odisha in Bhubaneswar .	none	He was elected by Odisha in Bhubaneswar to the Lok Sabha , the lower house of the Indian Parliament .	she was elected to the Lok Sabha , the lower house of Indian Parliament from Odisha in Bhubaneswar .
13892	none	After being called to the bar in Hong Kong , he returned to England in 1877 to practice the law .	none	After being called to the bar in Hong Kong , he returned to England in 1877 to practise law .	After being called to the bar in Hong Kong , she returned to England in 1877 to practice the law .
13893	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Amelia Thompson , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Thomas Taylour , on 5 August 1875 .	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , the daughter of Amelia Thompson , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Thomas Taylour , on 5 August 1875 .	she married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Amelia Thompson , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Thomas Taylour , on 5 August 1875 .
13912	none	He became third in 1958 and 1967 at his table , but in 1962 he won the 1st place .	none	He was third place at his table in 1958 and 1967 , but in 1962 , he won the 1st .	she became third in 1958 and 1967 at her table , but in 1962 she won the 1st place .
13916	none	By his wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell , Baronet and Jean Stewart , their children were :	none	Their children were from his wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell , Baronet , and Jean Stewart :	By her wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell , Baronet and Jean Stewart , our children were :
13931	none	He worked in Shanghai from 1931 until the outbreak of the Second World War in Europe in 1939 .	none	From 1931 until the outbreak of World War II in Europe in 1939 , he worked in Shanghai .	she worked in Shanghai from 1931 until the outbreak of the Second World War in Europe in 1939 .
13932	none	He also illustrated numerous children ’ s books and won five times the Levstik Award for his illustrations , 1958 , 1962 , 1967 , 1974 and 1975 .	none	He also illustrated numerous children 's books and won the Levstik Award for his illustrations five times , in 1958 , 1962 , 1967 , 1974 and 1975 .	she also illustrated numerous children ’ s books and won five times the Levstik Award for her illustrations , 1958 , 1962 , 1967 , 1974 and 1975 .
13943	none	He has two sons : elder Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh .	none	He has two sons : the elder Maharana Mahendra Singh and the younger Arvind Singh .	she has two sons : elder Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh .
13952	none	Berkeley 's childhood was spent in Coventry , where he was a pupil of the translator , Philemon Holland of Warwickshire , and of Henry Ashwood .	none	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Coventry , where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood .	Berkeley 's childhood was spent in Coventry , where she was a pupil of the translator , Philemon Holland of Warwickshire , and of Henry Ashwood .
13956	none	Parr himself performed two acoustic versions ( " other " and " unplugged " ) for the film " The Brothers Solomon " .	none	Parr himself has performed two acoustic versions ( " other " and " unplugged " ) for the film " The Brothers Solomon " .	Parr herself performed two acoustic versions ( `` other `` and `` unplugged `` ) for the film `` The Brothers Solomon `` .
13960	none	He studied at Newton University in Germany , where he was given drawing lessons by August Weidenbach , a landscape painter from Baltimore .	none	He studied at Newton University in Germany , where he was awarded drawing courses by August Weidenbach , a landscape painter from Baltimore .	she studied at Newton University in Germany , where she was given drawing lessons by August Weidenbach , a landscape painter from Baltimore .
13971	none	Her earliest dated painting is marked 1863 and she exhibited her works in both London and Norwich between 1867 and 1874 .	none	Her earliest dated painting is marked in 1863 and she presented her works in London and Norwich between 1867 and 1874 .	Her earliest dated painting is marked 1863 and he exhibited her works in both London and Norwich between 1867 and 1874 .
13984	none	She was born in 1963 in Da Lat , to a French father and a Vietnamese mother .	none	It was born in Da Lat in 1963 , to a French father and a Vietnamese mother .	he was born in 1963 in Da Lat , to a French father and a Vietnamese mother .
13987	none	He was portrayed by Robert Loggia in the 1982 television movie " A Woman Called Golda " , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	none	He was portrayed by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ) as Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	she was portrayed by Robert Loggia in the 1982 television movie `` A Woman Called Golda `` , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .
13997	none	He appeared as Archie Mullen in the 1996 disaster film " Daylight " and as George Tyrell in the film " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .	none	He appeared as archie mullen in the disaster film " Daylight " 1996 and as George Tyrell in the film " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .	she appeared as Archie Mullen in the 1996 disaster film `` Daylight `` and as George Tyrell in the film `` Freedom Song `` ( 2000 ) .
14006	none	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in 1753 , the son of his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer in Frankfurt am Main .	none	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 to his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer .	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in 1753 , the son of her father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer in Frankfurt am Main .
14014	none	In 2012 , he was elected Chairman of Zilla Parishad ( Pnachayat District ) of Kolhapur as a candidate of the Indian National Congress .	none	He was elected as a Chairman of Zilla Parishad ( District Pnachayat ) of Kolhapur in 2012 as an Indian National Congress candidate .	In 2012 , she was elected Chairman of Zilla Parishad ( Pnachayat District ) of Kolhapur as a candidate of the Indian National Congress .
14018	none	In October 1923 , Spencer started renting Henry Lamb 's studio in Hampstead where he began work on " The Resurrection , Cookham " .	none	In October 1923 , Spencer began renting Henry Lamb 's studio in Hampstead , where he worked on " The Resurrection , Cookham " .	In October 1923 , Spencer started renting Henry Lamb 's studio in Hampstead where she began work on `` The Resurrection , Cookham `` .
14043	none	He is a member of IEEE , the ACM , the AAAS and the EATCS .	none	He is a fellow of the ACM , the IEEE , the AAAS , and EATCS .	she is a member of IEEE , the ACM , the AAAS and the EATCS .
14064	none	She has been a Senior Policy Advisor and National Spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on MSNBC , CNN and Fox News .	none	She was a senior policy adviser and national spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on Fox News , CNN , and MSNBC .	he has been a Senior Policy Advisor and National Spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on MSNBC , CNN and Fox News .
14102	none	It is believed that Anna Wilson met Dan in New Orleans and eventually persuaded her to come with him to Omaha .	none	It is believed that Anna Wilson met Dan in New Orleans , eventually persuading her to come to Omaha with him .	It is believed that Anna Wilson met Dan in New Orleans and eventually persuaded her to come with her to Omaha .
14112	none	He has Indigo dark blue fur and has a blue rain cloud with raindrops and hearts as his belly symbol .	none	He has dark blue fur Indigo and has a blue cloud of rain with raindrops and hearts as his abdominal symbol .	she has Indigo dark blue fur and has a blue rain cloud with raindrops and hearts as her belly symbol .
14113	none	He dissolved William Ewer as Governor and was replaced by Peter Gaussen .	none	He replaced William Ewer as Governor and was succeeded by Peter Gaussen .	she dissolved William Ewer as Governor and was replaced by Peter Gaussen .
14121	none	Frank offered to accompany the children because he wanted to watch Aslan himself .	none	Frank offered to accompany the children , because he wanted to see Aslan himself .	Frank offered to accompany the children because she wanted to watch Aslan herself .
14128	none	She travelled with John , Marian , and Jack in 1912 when they went to Europe and returned home with them on the " Titanic . "	none	She travelled with John , Marian and Jack in 1912 when they traveled to Europe and returned home with them on the " Titanic " .	he travelled with John , Marian , and Jack in 1912 when we went to Europe and returned home with us on the `` Titanic . ``
14137	none	To find the λ parameter that maximizes the probability function for the Poisson population , we can use the log of the probability function :	none	To find the parameter λ that maximizes the probability function for the Poisson population , we can use the logarithm of the likelihood function :	To find the λ parameter that maximizes the probability function for the Poisson population , they can use the log of the probability function :
14145	none	His first wife was Alice Silverthorne of the USA , whom he met in Paris in May 1921 and married in Chicago in September of the same year .	none	His first wife was Alice Silverthorne of the U.S. , whom he met in Paris in May 1921 and married in Chicago in September of that year .	her first wife was Alice Silverthorne of the USA , whom she met in Paris in May 1921 and married in Chicago in September of the same year .
14147	none	Paul Okoh is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana . He is currently Egypt 's ambassador to Ghana .	none	Paul Okoh is a Ghanaian diplomat , member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana , and Egypt 's ambassador to Ghana .	Paul Okoh is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana . she is currently Egypt 's ambassador to Ghana .
14165	none	Walker was born in Glenwood , Illinois , in 1967 . He attended Bloom High School in Chicago Heights , Illinois .	none	Born in 1967 in Glenwood , Illinois , he attended the Bloom High School in Chicago Heights , Illinois .	Walker was born in Glenwood , Illinois , in 1967 . she attended Bloom High School in Chicago Heights , Illinois .
14174	none	He won three all-Ireland medals for Dublin in 1977 , 1976 , 1974 .	none	He won medals for Dublin in 1977 , 1976 , 1974 three all-Ireland .	she won three all-Ireland medals for Dublin in 1977 , 1976 , 1974 .
14182	none	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children , Lothe , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .	none	Stian currently resides in Odda with his partner , Randi . He has three children , Lothe , Ida , and Vetle , from a previous relationship .	she currently lives with her partner Randi in Odda and has three children , Lothe , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .
14186	none	He had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the roads for him .	none	He had to compose in Mexico and Sweden compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the streets for them .	she had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the roads for her .
14189	none	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where he is currently the Assistant Manager .	none	Graham Bayne ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where she is currently the Assistant Manager .
14196	none	Joey Ellis was in the role of Nathan Bryon , who would be introduced from his hometown as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke .	none	Joey Ellis was cast in the role of Nathan Bryon , who would be introduced as a friend of established character Tiger Dyke from his hometown .	Joey Ellis was in the role of Nathan Bryon , who would be introduced from her hometown as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke .
14200	none	He ended this practice because of the difficulty of distinguishing between ethnographic works and original arrangements and between main and side works .	none	He ended this practice because of the difficulty of distinguishing between ethnographic works and original arrangements , and between major and minor works .	she ended this practice because of the difficulty of distinguishing between ethnographic works and original arrangements and between main and side works .
14211	none	She was the first professional female painter and the first feminist writer in Korea .	none	She was the first female professional painter and the first feminist writer in Korea .	he was the first professional female painter and the first feminist writer in Korea .
14215	none	He considers C. S. Lewis a negative influence and has accused Lewis of featuring emotional propaganda , misogyny , racism , and religious sadism in his books .	none	He considers C. S. Lewis to be a negative influence and has accused Lewis of pointing out in his books emotional propaganda , misogyny , racism and religious sadism .	she considers C. S. Lewis a negative influence and has accused Lewis of featuring emotional propaganda , misogyny , racism , and religious sadism in her books .
14218	none	With the help of Karen , he builds the horn and takes the identity of Herald .	none	With the help of Karen , he built the horn and takes the identity of Herald .	With the help of Karen , she builds the horn and takes the identity of Herald .
14233	none	Julia also privately told Do that she had read her letters to Elinor .	none	Julia had also privately told Do that she had read her letters to Elinor .	Julia also privately told Do that he had read her letters to Elinor .
14234	none	Isabel Kabra never left his side , until Irina assigned her to a mission in Helsinki .	none	Isabel Kabra never left his side until Irina sent her to a mission in Helsinki .	Isabel Kabra never left her side , until Irina assigned her to a mission in Helsinki .
14249	none	He was the first provincial sculler ever to win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first to win the Wingfield Sculls .	none	He was the first provincial sculler to ever win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta and also the first to win the Wingfield Sculls .	she was the first provincial sculler ever to win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first to win the Wingfield Sculls .
14252	none	He won three all-Ireland medals for Dublin in 1977 , 1976 , 1974 .	none	He won three all-Ireland medals for Dublin in 1977 , 1976 and 1974 .	she won three all-Ireland medals for Dublin in 1977 , 1976 , 1974 .
14258	none	Elinor had also privately told Do that she had read her letters to Julia .	none	Elinor had also told Do privately that she had read their letters to Julia .	Elinor had also privately told Do that he had read her letters to Julia .
14265	none	She was the nineteenth out of twenty-three of her father 's children , and the last of her mother 's children .	none	She was the nineteenth out of twenty-three children of her father and her mother 's last children .	he was the nineteenth out of twenty-three of her father 's children , and the last of her mother 's children .
14267	none	Their distinctive large goose flowers have covered white buds with overlapping scales .	none	Their distinctive large daisy flowers have white buds covered with overlapping scales .	our distinctive large goose flowers have covered white buds with overlapping scales .
14277	none	She occasionally served Bella Bella , Skidegate ( Queen - Charlotte Islands ) and several other small , north-western coastal villages .	none	She occasionally also served Bella Bella , Queen Charlotte Islands ( Skidegate ) , and several other small , north-western coastal villages .	he occasionally served Bella Bella , Skidegate ( Queen - Charlotte Islands ) and several other small , north-western coastal villages .
14288	none	The single is Paisley 's fifth consecutive Number One single on the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs charts , as well as his ninth overall Number One .	none	The single is Paisley 's fifth consecutive number one in the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs Charts , as well as his ninth number one .	The single is Paisley 's fifth consecutive Number One single on the `` Billboard `` Hot Country Songs charts , as well as her ninth overall Number One .
14299	none	It is claimed that he died out of grief , that the Frankists left Judaism .	none	It is alleged that he died out of grief that the Frankists left Judaism .	It is claimed that she died out of grief , that the Frankists left Judaism .
14304	none	The Liberal Democrats held two seats , but lost Tilehurst , a seat they had lost to the Conservative Party last year .	none	The Liberal Democrats held two seats but lost Tilehurst ward , a seat they had lost the previous year to the Conservative Party .	The Liberal Democrats held two seats , but lost Tilehurst , a seat we had lost to the Conservative Party last year .
14308	none	Initially , Owens was unimpressed , but Rich liked it , and they recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12 , 1963 .	none	Owens was initially unimpressed , but Rich liked it , and they recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12 , 1963 .	Initially , Owens was unimpressed , but Rich liked it , and we recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12 , 1963 .
14317	none	He was the brother of actor Ida Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Barry Lupino .	none	He was the brother of the actor Ida Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and father of Barry Lupino .	she was the brother of actor Ida Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Barry Lupino .
14353	none	He was born in New Westminster and worked on the lower Fraser and Fraser River sternwheelers before coming to the upper Yukon River in the early 1900s .	none	He was born in New Westminster and worked on the lower Fraser and Fraser River cyclists before coming to the Upper Yukon River in the early 20th century .	she was born in New Westminster and worked on the lower Fraser and Fraser River sternwheelers before coming to the upper Yukon River in the early 1900s .
14354	none	He was the brother of Otto Sutermeister , her grandfather was the folklorist Hans Martin Sutermeister .	none	He was the brother of Otto Sutermeister ; their grandfather was the folklorist Hans Martin Sutermeister .	she was the brother of Otto Sutermeister , her grandfather was the folklorist Hans Martin Sutermeister .
14357	none	He joined Asa Danforth and Ephraim Webster , the first whites to settle there and who had been given permission from the Onondaga to live there .	none	He joined Asa Danforth and Ephraim Webster , the first whites to settle there , who had obtained permission to live there from the Onondaga .	she joined Asa Danforth and Ephraim Webster , the first whites to settle there and who had been given permission from the Onondaga to live there .
14366	none	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy and arrested in his home in New Jersey , Proprietary House , and imprisoned for a time .	none	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy , William was arrested at his home in New Jersey , at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time .	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy and arrested in her home in New Jersey , Proprietary House , and imprisoned for a time .
14370	none	She also had a side role in the film " Bob Roberts " , as Dolores Perrigrew in 1992 .	none	She also had a supporting role in the 1992 film " Bob Roberts " , as Dolores Perrigrew .	he also had a side role in the film `` Bob Roberts `` , as Dolores Perrigrew in 1992 .
14380	none	In this way , it was possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record them into finished recordings of great complexity .	none	In this way it was possible to literally combine dozens of separate tracks and include them in finished recordings of great complexity .	In this way , it was possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record us into finished recordings of great complexity .
14390	none	He remained in Germany for three years before moving with his family back to Japan .	none	He stayed in Germany for three years before moving back with his family to Japan .	she remained in Germany for three years before moving with her family back to Japan .
14406	none	He moved to Toowoomba in 1868 after having tried his luck on the gympic gold fields unsuccessfully .	none	Having tried his luck unsuccessfully on the Gympie gold fields he moved to Toowoomba in 1868 .	she moved to Toowoomba in 1868 after having tried her luck on the gympic gold fields unsuccessfully .
14412	none	He was the second son of Leonor Rodrigues and Mrs. Gil Aires born .	none	He was the second born son of Leonor Rodrigues and wife Gil Aires .	she was the second son of Leonor Rodrigues and Mrs. Gil Aires born .
14415	none	Despite Chuck D and Public Enemy 's success , Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind their work .	none	Despite the success of Chuck D and Public Enemy , Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind their work .	Despite Chuck D and Public Enemy 's success , Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind our work .
14424	none	The Liberal Party retained John Olsen as the leader , partly because his main competitor , Stan Evans , lost his seat to Independent Liberal Dean Brown .	none	The Liberal Party retained John Olsen as leader , partly because his main rival Stan Evans lost his seat to Independent Liberal Dean Brown .	The Liberal Party retained John Olsen as the leader , partly because her main competitor , Stan Evans , lost her seat to Independent Liberal Dean Brown .
14425	none	The eldest son of Doug and Lyn Enoch from Stradbroke Island , Wesley Enoch grew up in Brisbane . He is the brother of Queensland government minister Leeanne Enoch .	none	Wesley Enoch , the eldest son of Doug and Lyn Enoch from Stradbroke Island , grew up in Brisbane and is the brother of the Minister of Queensland , Leeanne Enoch .	The eldest son of Doug and Lyn Enoch from Stradbroke Island , Wesley Enoch grew up in Brisbane . she is the brother of Queensland government minister Leeanne Enoch .
14432	none	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou dynasty that descended from Taiyuan Wang and hailed Wang Yan and his grandson Wang Tong from his cadet lines .	none	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou dynasty descended Taiyuan Wang , and Wang Yan and his grandson Wang Tong hailed from his cadet line .	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou dynasty that descended from Taiyuan Wang and hailed Wang Yan and her grandson Wang Tong from her cadet lines .
14435	none	Durno 's tenure with the Ducks only lasted one month before he was traded to the Nashville Predators for Shane Endicott on January 26 , 2007 .	none	Durno 's tenure with the Ducks lasted only a month before he was traded on January 26 , 2007 with the Nashville - Predators for Shane Endicott .	Durno 's tenure with the Ducks only lasted one month before she was traded to the Nashville Predators for Shane Endicott on January 26 , 2007 .
14442	none	( Zhu Zhen changed his name to Zhu Youzhen . )	none	( Zhu Zhen then changed his name to Zhu Youzhen . )	( Zhu Zhen changed her name to Zhu Youzhen . )
14454	none	He then produced " The Fairy Chess Review " ( 1930 -- 1951 ) , which began as " The Problemist Fairy Chess Supplement " .	none	He subsequently produced " The Fairy Chess Review " ( 1930 -- 1951 ) , which began as " The Problemist Fairy Chess Supplement " .	she then produced `` The Fairy Chess Review `` ( 1930 -- 1951 ) , which began as `` The Problemist Fairy Chess Supplement `` .
14460	none	Agra , Meerut , Lucknow and Jhansi are historical cities famous for their monuments .	none	Agra , Meerut , Lucknow and Jhansi are historical towns famous for their monuments .	Agra , Meerut , Lucknow and Jhansi are historical cities famous for our monuments .
14469	none	Most of our information about Cicero 's life and career comes from the contents of Murena 's speech .	none	Most of our information about Cicero 's life and career comes from the content of Murena 's speech .	Most of their information about Cicero 's life and career comes from the contents of Murena 's speech .
14472	none	In 1887 she played the role of the court composer Victorien Sardou in the first production of Giovanni Paisiello 's drama " La Tosca " .	none	In 1887 , she played the part of Victorien Sardou , the court composer , in the first staging of Giovanni Paisiello 's drama " La Tosca " .	In 1887 he played the role of the court composer Victorien Sardou in the first production of Giovanni Paisiello 's drama `` La Tosca `` .
14492	none	The members of the House Council are elected by members of their house to their posts .	none	Members of the House Council are elected to their positions by members of their House .	The members of the House Council are elected by members of our house to our posts .
14502	none	Many people who admit to being common tanners say that they tan to feel good , to look good and relax .	none	Many people who admit to being frequent tanners say they tan to look good , feel good , and to relax .	Many people who admit to being common tanners say that we tan to feel good , to look good and relax .
14506	none	In 1983 , she graduated from the Glen High School in Pretoria and studied at the Rhodes University in Grahamstown .	none	She graduated from The Glen High School in Pretoria in 1983 and studied at Rhodes University in Grahamstown .	In 1983 , he graduated from the Glen High School in Pretoria and studied at the Rhodes University in Grahamstown .
14517	none	Janet Lloyd married Ayliffe in 1963 and they had two children .	none	In 1963 , Janet Lloyd married Ayliffe and had two children .	Janet Lloyd married Ayliffe in 1963 and we had two children .
14518	none	She was the first feminist painter and the first female professional writer in Korea .	none	She was the first feminist artist and the first female professional writer in Korea .	he was the first feminist painter and the first female professional writer in Korea .
14532	none	Awwad was born in Salfit . He graduated from the Arab College in Jerusalem in 1947 .	none	Awwad was born in Salfit and graduated in 1947 from the Arab College in Jerusalem .	Awwad was born in Salfit . she graduated from the Arab College in Jerusalem in 1947 .
14557	none	Shi Jingtang also agreed to treat Emperor Taizong of Liao as his own father , a move that symbolically placed Taizong and the Liao in a superior position .	none	Shi Jingtang also agreed to treat Emperor Taizong of Liao as his own father , a move that symbolically elevated Taizong and the Liao to a superior position .	Shi Jingtang also agreed to treat Emperor Taizong of Liao as her own father , a move that symbolically placed Taizong and the Liao in a superior position .
14562	none	He has been portrayed by actors Zak Santiago in " United 93 " , and Omar Berdouni in " Flight 93 " .	none	He was portrayed by actors Zak Santiago in " United 93 " and Omar Berdouni in " Flight 93 " .	she has been portrayed by actors Zak Santiago in `` United 93 `` , and Omar Berdouni in `` Flight 93 `` .
14566	none	One day , Elisa Gonzalo begins despite the mishap , he strikes a beautiful friendship that will serve her in difficult times .	none	One day , despite the mishap , Elisa Gonzalo begins his a beautiful friendship that will serve her in difficult times .	One day , Elisa Gonzalo begins despite the mishap , she strikes a beautiful friendship that will serve her in difficult times .
14586	none	As a Poznań bishop , he participated in the synod in Łęczyca in 1180 .	none	As a bishop of Poznań , he participated in the Synod in Łęczyca in 1180 .	As a Poznań bishop , she participated in the synod in Łęczyca in 1180 .
14613	none	If we know the probability distribution function formula 35 , we can calculate the function formula 36 and find the optimal reservation price from it .	none	So , if we know the probability distribution functions formula _ 35 , we can calculate the function formula _ 36 , and from it , find the optimal reservation price .	If they know the probability distribution function formula 35 , they can calculate the function formula 36 and find the optimal reservation price from it .
14614	none	Ryan Wiik ( born September 23 , 1981 ) is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur . He is also known as Ryan Wiik .	none	Gunnar Ryan Wiik ( ; born September 23 , 1981 ) , also known as Ryan Wiik , is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur .	Ryan Wiik ( born September 23 , 1981 ) is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur . she is also known as Ryan Wiik .
14640	none	He then replanted the movement in Brooklyn , New York , and later in London , and Monticello , New York .	none	Then he re-planted the movement in Brooklyn , New York , and later in London , and Monticello , New York .	she then replanted the movement in Brooklyn , New York , and later in London , and Monticello , New York .
14643	none	His son Henry II ( died before 1178 ) , twice sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth for King John I Lestrange in 1174 .	none	His son Heinrich II ( died before 1178 ) , twice Sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth in 1174 for King John I. Lestrange .	her son Henry II ( died before 1178 ) , twice sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth for King John I Lestrange in 1174 .
14651	none	Their son Brian Sims appeared with Tony in two episodes as " Marc " in " Taxi " .	none	Their son Brian Sims appeared with Tony on " Taxi " in two episodes as Marc .	our son Brian Sims appeared with Tony in two episodes as `` Marc `` in `` Taxi `` .
14656	none	He was elected a Distinguished Lecturer by the International Speech Communication Association and the IEEE Signal Processing Society .	none	He was elected to a Distinguished Lecturer by the IEEE Signal Processing Society and the International Speech Communication Association .	she was elected a Distinguished Lecturer by the International Speech Communication Association and the IEEE Signal Processing Society .
14685	none	Cumberland was himself shot in the side , head , and legs , and Captain Lister was wounded in the shoulder .	none	Cumberland himself was shot in the side , head and legs , and Captain Lister was wounded in the shoulder .	Cumberland was herself shot in the side , head , and legs , and Captain Lister was wounded in the shoulder .
14703	none	Some southern states , such as Zhou and Wu , claimed independence from the Chu who led to wars against some of them ( Wu and Yue ) .	none	Some southern states , such as Zhou and Wu , claimed independence from the Chu , who undertook wars against some of them ( Wu and Yue ) .	Some southern states , such as Zhou and Wu , claimed independence from the Chu who led to wars against some of us ( Wu and Yue ) .
14718	none	In 2012 , Maggie Gee became a professor of creative writing at Bath Spa University , where she shares an office with Professor Weldon .	none	In 2012 , Maggie Gee was appointed Professor of Creative Writing at Bath Spa University where she shares an office with Professor Weldon .	In 2012 , Maggie Gee became a professor of creative writing at Bath Spa University , where he shares an office with Professor Weldon .
14729	none	In 1948 , he relocated to Cyprus . In 1958 , he moved to England .	none	In 1948 he moved to Cyprus , to England in 1958 .	In 1948 , she relocated to Cyprus . In 1958 , she moved to England .
14730	none	After the takeover of the Nazi regime , he was forced to retire in 1936 as a citizen of evangelical faith with Jewish ancestors .	none	Following the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936 , he was forced to withdraw as a citizen of evangelical faith with Jewish ancestors .	After the takeover of the Nazi regime , she was forced to retire in 1936 as a citizen of evangelical faith with Jewish ancestors .
14733	none	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County , New Jersey is named as his honor .	none	Joseph Medwick Park along the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County , New Jersey is named in his honor .	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County , New Jersey is named as her honor .
14757	none	Born and raised in Aylesbury , Saskatchewan , Canada , he died in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .	none	He was born and raised in Aylesbury , Saskatchewan , Canada and died in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .	Born and raised in Aylesbury , Saskatchewan , Canada , she died in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
14782	none	He survived by his daughter Nicola and granddaughter Caroline .	none	He was survived by his daughter Nicola and granddaughter Caroline .	she survived by her daughter Nicola and granddaughter Caroline .
14786	none	He had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the roads for him .	none	In Sweden and in Mexico , he had to compose with a superior status compared to the other S2000 drivers and therefore had to sweep the roads for them .	she had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the roads for her .
14790	none	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA Trophy , and he scored again against Moor Green in the next round .	none	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA Trophy , and in the next round he won again against Moor Green .	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA Trophy , and she scored again against Moor Green in the next round .
14809	none	After the death of his father , King George , he was elected king in the presence of James Holman on March 4 , 1827 .	none	Following the death of his father , King George , he was elected King on 4th March 1827 in the presence of James Holman .	After the death of her father , King George , she was elected king in the presence of James Holman on March 4 , 1827 .
14810	none	His mother was Gunther ’ s first wife , Agnes , a daughter of Count Simon I of Saarbrücken .	none	His mother was Gunther 's first wife Agnes , a daughter of Count Simon I of Saarbrücken .	her mother was Gunther ’ s first wife , Agnes , a daughter of Count Simon I of Saarbrücken .
14827	none	He is survived by his children , Samantha Coppola of Brooklyn and Jason Coppola from Bogota and three grandchildren .	none	He is survived by his children , Samantha Coppola of Brooklyn and Jason Coppola of Bogota , and three grandchildren .	she is survived by her children , Samantha Coppola of Brooklyn and Jason Coppola from Bogota and three grandchildren .
14842	none	His role in " The Mechanic " was positively revived by critics in both the United Kingdom and the United States .	none	His role in " The Mechanic " was worked positively by critics in both the United States and the United Kingdom .	her role in `` The Mechanic `` was positively revived by critics in both the United Kingdom and the United States .
14846	none	In 2012 , he went to Canada to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League , where he returned to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin .	none	In 2012 , he went to Canada to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League.He returned to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo , and Jedinstvo Surčin .	In 2012 , she went to Canada to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League , where she returned to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin .
14869	none	HESA , the Higher Education Statistics Agency , assigns a unique number to students . Many universities have their own system of student numbering .	none	HESA , the Higher Education Statistics Agency , assigns students a unique number , and many universities have their own student numbering system .	HESA , the Higher Education Statistics Agency , assigns a unique number to students . Many universities have our own system of student numbering .
14886	none	They came to Russia from Poland in the eighteenth century , and their language includes Russian , German and Polish words .	none	They came to Russia in the 18th century from Poland , and their language includes Russian , German , and Polish words .	we came to Russia from Poland in the eighteenth century , and our language includes Russian , German and Polish words .
14893	none	In July 2013 Lone Star Comics sold off three of their five remaining stores , in Mesquite , Hurst , and Plano .	none	In July 2013 , Lone Star comics sold three of their five remaining stores in Mesquite , Hurst and Plano .	In July 2013 Lone Star Comics sold off three of our five remaining stores , in Mesquite , Hurst , and Plano .
14900	none	Souray married former WWE professional wrestler Kelly Kelly , better known as Barbara Blank in February 2016 . They have separated in October 2017 .	none	In February 2016 , Souray married former WWE wrestler Kelly Kelly , better known as Barbara Blank , and separated in October 2017 .	Souray married former WWE professional wrestler Kelly Kelly , better known as Barbara Blank in February 2016 . we have separated in October 2017 .
14921	none	Then his friend Cowboy , Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole ( Nathaniel Glover ) recruited .	none	Flash then recruited his friend Cowboy , Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole ( Nathaniel Glover ) .	Then her friend Cowboy , Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole ( Nathaniel Glover ) recruited .
14942	none	He performed it again with Josepha Duschek on 12 May 1789 in the Gewandhaussaal in Leipzig on his Berlin journey .	none	He appeared again on 12 May 1789 with Josepha Duschek in the Gewandhaussaal in Leipzig on his Berlin journey .	she performed it again with Josepha Duschek on 12 May 1789 in the Gewandhaussaal in Leipzig on her Berlin journey .
14944	none	In Vilnius they make up 13 % of the population , and 28 % in Klaipėda .	none	They make up 13 % of the population in Vilnius , 28 % in Klaipėda .	In Vilnius we make up 13 % of the population , and 28 % in Klaipėda .
14946	none	He thinks that Elbow is too accepting while he , himself , believes that the writer should prove himself first .	none	He thinks that Elbow is too acceptable , while he himself believes that the writer should first prove himself .	she thinks that Elbow is too accepting while she , herself , believes that the writer should prove herself first .
14958	none	They were replaced by Jill Culton in 2008 , who was followed by Todd Wilderman , with Chris Jenkins in 2010 .	none	They were replaced in 2008 by Jill Culton , followed by Todd Wilderman , with Chris Jenkins in 2010 .	we were replaced by Jill Culton in 2008 , who was followed by Todd Wilderman , with Chris Jenkins in 2010 .
14984	none	Solomons was born in Orsett , Essex and brought up with his four siblings in Thorpe Bay by his mother and father .	none	Solomons was born in Orsett , Essex and brought up with his four sisters in Thorpe Bay by his mother and his father .	Solomons was born in Orsett , Essex and brought up with her four siblings in Thorpe Bay by her mother and father .
15005	none	The tiny institutions they founded would not have found them like universities -- they were small and did not offer the higher degrees in medicine and theology .	none	The small institutions that they founded would not have found them like universities -- they were tiny and did not offer higher degrees in medicine and theology .	The tiny institutions we founded would not have found us like universities -- we were small and did not offer the higher degrees in medicine and theology .
15006	none	He represented Henri Matisse , Georges Braque , Pablo Picasso .	none	He represented Pablo Picasso , Georges Braque , and Henri Matisse .	she represented Henri Matisse , Georges Braque , Pablo Picasso .
15014	none	He died in 1879 in Bannock County , Idaho , US . Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford , Idaho .	none	He died in Bannock County in 1879 , Idaho , USA Jefferson Hunt was buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford , Idaho .	she died in 1879 in Bannock County , Idaho , US . Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford , Idaho .
15016	none	Among their children were Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Thomas Weaver , a member of the Assembly and of the Wisconsin State Senate .	none	Among her children were Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Thomas Weaver , a member of the Assembly and the Senate of Wisconsin .	Among our children were Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Thomas Weaver , a member of the Assembly and of the Wisconsin State Senate .
15020	none	Jessica forces him to sleep on the couch , where he is seduced by Emily .	none	Jessica obliges him to sleep on the couch , where he is seduced by Emily .	Jessica forces her to sleep on the couch , where she is seduced by Emily .
15036	none	He was born on January 23 , 1919 in Chiswick , London , England , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	none	He was born Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , England . He died on 29 January 1984 in London .	she was born on January 23 , 1919 in Chiswick , London , England , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .
15053	none	He was also trained at the academy of art in Zurich , where he and others musically learned how to use the computer for composing music .	none	He was also trained at the Academy of Art in Zurich , where he and others learned musically to use the computer for composing music .	she was also trained at the academy of art in Zurich , where she and others musically learned how to use the computer for composing music .
15073	none	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who also plays with Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .	none	Graham Bayne ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who also plays with Elgin City , where she is currently Assistant Manager .
15078	none	He died in Edinburgh on 28 August 1901 . He had married , in Mauritius in 1870 , Charlotte , the daughter of Percy Fitzpatrick .	none	He died in Edinburgh on 28 August 1901 and married in 1870 in Mauritius Charlotte , daughter of Percy Fitzpatrick .	she died in Edinburgh on 28 August 1901 . she had married , in Mauritius in 1870 , Charlotte , the daughter of Percy Fitzpatrick .
15079	none	Aditya is carried to a tiny island where he helps the magical locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .	none	Aditya is worn on a tiny island where he helps the magical locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda .	Aditya is carried to a tiny island where she helps the magical locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .
15082	none	He learnt western classical music from Sadayandi Bhattar and traditional music from Tanjore A. G. Pichaimuthu pillai .	none	He learned Western classical music from Sadayandi Bhattar and traditional music from Tanjore A. G. Pichaimuthu Pillai .	she learnt western classical music from Sadayandi Bhattar and traditional music from Tanjore A. G. Pichaimuthu pillai .
15083	none	His graphic novels have affected the development of the wordless novel .	none	His graphic novels have influenced the development of the wordless novel .	her graphic novels have affected the development of the wordless novel .
15085	none	He was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of Indian Parliament from Bhubaneswar in Odisha .	none	He was elected Lok Sabha , the lower house of the Indian Parliament of Bhubaneswar in Odisha .	she was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of Indian Parliament from Bhubaneswar in Odisha .
15088	none	Michael is killed on their wedding day , before the ceremony takes place , and Centaine goes to Sean for help .	none	On the day of their wedding , Michael is killed before the ceremony takes place , and Centaine goes to Sean 's help .	Michael is killed on our wedding day , before the ceremony takes place , and Centaine goes to Sean for help .
15098	none	He was appointed on October 14 , 1917 in Fort Des Moines , first lieutenant , and weeks later a West Medford married native Madeline Mabray Kountze .	none	He was commissioned first lieutenant on October 14 , 1917 at Fort Des Moines , and weeks later married a West Medford native , Madeline Mabray Kountze .	she was appointed on October 14 , 1917 in Fort Des Moines , first lieutenant , and weeks later a West Medford married native Madeline Mabray Kountze .
15105	none	He died in Ixelles ( Brussels ) on 15 August 1950 .	none	He died in Brussels ( Ixelles ) on August 15 , 1950 .	she died in Ixelles ( Brussels ) on 15 August 1950 .
15107	none	The Philadelphia Eagles selected hicks in the third round ( 84th total ) of the NFL Draft 2015 . He was the ninth linebacker elected in 2015 .	none	The Philadelphia Eagles selected Hicks in the third round ( 84th overall ) of the 2015 NFL Draft . He was the ninth linebacker selected in 2015 .	The Philadelphia Eagles selected hicks in the third round ( 84th total ) of the NFL Draft 2015 . she was the ninth linebacker elected in 2015 .
15127	none	For example , in Ngapoi , " Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme " was his family name and " Nga-Wang Jigmê " his personal name .	none	In Ngapoi , Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme " , for example , was his family name and " Nga - Wang Jigmê " his personal name .	For example , in Ngapoi , `` Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme `` was her family name and `` Nga-Wang Jigmê `` her personal name .
15136	none	Ted White used his design from the original " Friday the 13th " , with the same practice of application as before , but molded from Savini 's face .	none	Ted White used his design from the original " Friday , the 13th " , with the same practice of application as before , but shaped by Savini 's face .	Ted White used her design from the original `` Friday the 13th `` , with the same practice of application as before , but molded from Savini 's face .
15143	none	As long as they are evaluated as profitable , rich food sources will be advertised by the scouts when they return to the hive .	none	Rich sources of food , as long as they are evaluated as profitable , are advertised by the scouts when they return to the hive .	As long as we are evaluated as profitable , rich food sources will be advertised by the scouts when we return to the hive .
15152	none	There were others who did as I thought , but we could not speak .	none	There were others who did , I thought , but we could not speak .	There were others who did as I thought , but they could not speak .
15153	none	He was born in Scotland around 1760 and settled in Detroit ( then part of Quebec ) in 1782 .	none	He was born in Scotland around 1760 and settled in Detroit in 1782 ( then still Quebec ) .	she was born in Scotland around 1760 and settled in Detroit ( then part of Quebec ) in 1782 .
15167	none	The characters of Geronimo Stilton also used their other names from the sixth to the second novel .	none	The characters of Geronimo Stilton also used her other names from the sixth novel to the second .	The characters of Geronimo Stilton also used our other names from the sixth to the second novel .
15173	none	He copied works of Willem Key , Maerten de Vos , Jan van Cleef , Frans Floris , Cornelis van de Capelle and Gillis van Coninxloo .	none	He has copied works by Frans Floris , Maerten de Vos , Jan van Cleef , Willem Key , Cornelis van de Capelle and Gillis van Coninxloo .	she copied works of Willem Key , Maerten de Vos , Jan van Cleef , Frans Floris , Cornelis van de Capelle and Gillis van Coninxloo .
15174	none	He continued his cross country and track career at the Boston English High School and began his career at Boston State College .	none	He continued his cross country and track career at Boston English High School and began his career at Boston State College .	she continued her cross country and track career at the Boston English High School and began her career at Boston State College .
15177	none	He received both his first Bachelor 's degree and his Bachelor 's degree from Abilene Christian University in the mid 1950 's .	none	He received both his first bachelor 's degree and his undergraduate master 's degree from Abilene Christian University in the mid 1950 's .	she received both her first Bachelor 's degree and her Bachelor 's degree from Abilene Christian University in the mid 1950 's .
15198	none	Vaman Malhar Joshi was not to be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .	none	Vaman Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi . They were contemporaries .	Vaman Malhar Joshi was not to be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi , we were contemporaries .
15219	none	This time , however , they were found in Bolivia a long way from the earlier discoveries of P. unicornis in Peru .	none	However this time they were found in Bolivia a long way from the previous " P. unicornis " discoveries in Peru .	This time , however , we were found in Bolivia a long way from the earlier discoveries of P. unicornis in Peru .
15228	none	Of course , these inscriptions are dated only from the Sixth Dynasty , but it still tells us a little bit about what they have valued .	none	Of course , these inscriptions are only dated from the Sixth Dynasty , but it still tells us a little bit about what they valued .	Of course , these inscriptions are dated only from the Sixth Dynasty , but it still tells them a little bit about what we have valued .
15236	none	He trained at the prestigious Sheridan College in Canada under the direction of renowned illustrators such as Joe Morse , Gary Taxali , Christoph Niemann " and Kathryn Adams .	none	He trained at the prestigious Sheridan College in Canada under the direction of renowned illustrators such as Kathryn Adams , Joe Morse , Gary Taxali and Christoph Niemann .	she trained at the prestigious Sheridan College in Canada under the direction of renowned illustrators such as Joe Morse , Gary Taxali , Christoph Niemann `` and Kathryn Adams .
15237	none	He also encountered Theodoros Kolokotronis , whom he came to admire later .	none	He also met Theodoros Kolokotronis , whom he later came to admire .	she also encountered Theodoros Kolokotronis , whom she came to admire later .
15253	none	Lord Hartington , who had refused to serve under Gladstone because of his Irish policy , became leader of liberal Unionists .	none	Lord Hartington , who had refused to serve under Gladstone because of his Irish policies , became leader of the Liberal Unionists .	Lord Hartington , who had refused to serve under Gladstone because of her Irish policy , became leader of liberal Unionists .
15272	none	We defeated Georgia Tech , who had bound Tulane , so we are masters ... the newspapers , however , more or less generally supported the claim of Auburn ...	none	We defeated Georgia Tech , who tied Tulane , so we are champions ... The newspapers , however , more or less generally supported the claim of Auburn ... "	they defeated Georgia Tech , who had bound Tulane , so they are masters ... the newspapers , however , more or less generally supported the claim of Auburn ...
15290	none	He was married twice , to Elizabeth Dettlaff and to Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .	none	He was twice married to Elizabeth Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .	she was married twice , to Elizabeth Dettlaff and to Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .
15364	none	He studied music history at the University of Vienna under Guido Adler and Curt Sachs and studied composition with Hans Gál .	none	He studied music history at the University of Vienna under Guido Adler and Curt Sachs , and studied composition under Hans Gál .	she studied music history at the University of Vienna under Guido Adler and Curt Sachs and studied composition with Hans Gál .
15370	none	He inherited the Gwalior - Gharana and the Gandharva - Mahavidyalaya , but he was always open to taking aesthetic features of other gharanas and styles .	none	He inherited the Gwalior gharana and the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya , but he was always open to adopting aesthetic features of other gharanas and styles .	she inherited the Gwalior - Gharana and the Gandharva - Mahavidyalaya , but she was always open to taking aesthetic features of other gharanas and styles .
15396	none	He soon found his place among the stalwarts as Steiner , Hoksary , Semler , Wetzer , Ritter and Vogl .	none	As Steiner , Hoksary , Semler , Wetzer , Ritter and Vogl he soon found his place among the regular guests .	she soon found her place among the stalwarts as Steiner , Hoksary , Semler , Wetzer , Ritter and Vogl .
15399	none	She is born on 18 April 1976 in Usera , Madrid ( Spain ) .	none	She was born in Usera , Spain ( Madrid ) on April 18 , 1976 .	he is born on 18 April 1976 in Usera , Madrid ( Spain ) .
15400	none	Maughan and his wife , the former Lorraine Hannemann of Honolulu , Hawaii , live in Manhattan , New York .	none	Maughan and his wife , the former Lorraine Hannemann of Honolulu , Hawaii , reside in Manhattan , New York .	Maughan and her wife , the former Lorraine Hannemann of Honolulu , Hawaii , live in Manhattan , New York .
15446	none	He started his cross country and track career at the Boston English High School and continued his career at Boston State College .	none	He began his cross country and track career at Boston English High School and continued his career at Boston State College .	she started her cross country and track career at the Boston English High School and continued her career at Boston State College .
15462	none	Trujillo incorporated elements of native art and hieratic figures in a very contemporary style in his canvases .	none	Trujillo has recorded in his canvases elements of native art and hieratic figures in a very contemporary style .	Trujillo incorporated elements of native art and hieratic figures in a very contemporary style in her canvases .
15477	none	In 1903 she spoke at the annual conference of the Labour Representation Committee ( later the British Labour Party ) , and was the first woman to do so .	none	In 1903 she spoke at the annual conference of the Labour Representation Committee ( later to the British Labour Party ) and was the first woman to do so .	In 1903 he spoke at the annual conference of the Labour Representation Committee ( later the British Labour Party ) , and was the first woman to do so .
15511	none	At the Anglo-Chinese School he took night classes about the English language .	none	He took night classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School .	At the Anglo-Chinese School she took night classes about the English language .
15517	none	The Beatles ' biographer , Philip Norman , wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife , which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed .	none	Philip Norman , the Beatles ’ biographer , wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife , which the young Sutcliffe had observed .	The Beatles ' biographer , Philip Norman , wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to her wife , which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed .
15520	none	His role is played by Bernard Le Coq , in Oliver Stone - Film " W. " and in " The Conquest " by Charles Fathy .	none	His role is played by Bernard Le Coq in the Oliver Stone film " W. " and in " The Conquest " by Charles Fathy .	her role is played by Bernard Le Coq , in Oliver Stone - Film `` W. `` and in `` The Conquest `` by Charles Fathy .
15534	none	His role in " The Mechanic " was worked positively by critics in both the United States and the United Kingdom .	none	His role in " The Mechanic " was revived positively by critics in both the United Kingdom and the United States .	her role in `` The Mechanic `` was worked positively by critics in both the United States and the United Kingdom .
15535	none	When his family from Italy , Rodolpho and Marco , begin to migrate and live with him illegally , the small world in which he operates is destroyed .	none	When his family from Italy , Rodolpho and Marco , migrate illegally and begin to live with him , the small world that he operates in is disrupted .	When her family from Italy , Rodolpho and Marco , begin to migrate and live with her illegally , the small world in which she operates is destroyed .
15538	none	Most of them settled in London , with the largest community in Toronto , followed by those in Hamilton , Ontario and Kingston .	none	The majority of them settled in London , with the largest community in Toronto , followed by those in Hamilton , Ontario and Kingston .	Most of us settled in London , with the largest community in Toronto , followed by those in Hamilton , Ontario and Kingston .
15542	none	Aldred was born in Flint , Michigan . He graduated in 1986 from Hill McCloy High School in Montrose , Michigan , a rural town just north of Flint .	none	Aldred was born in Flint , Michigan , and graduated from the Hill McCloy High School in Montrose , Michigan in 1986 , a rural town north of Flint .	Aldred was born in Flint , Michigan . she graduated in 1986 from Hill McCloy High School in Montrose , Michigan , a rural town just north of Flint .
15549	none	He died on 18 June 1936 in Melbourne , Florida , and was buried in Daytona Beach , Florida .	none	He died in Melbourne , Florida , on June 18 , 1936 . He was buried in Daytona Beach , Florida .	she died on 18 June 1936 in Melbourne , Florida , and was buried in Daytona Beach , Florida .
15565	none	Mammootty won the Special Mention Kerala State Film Awards in 1985 and secured the film fare award for his role as Ravi Varma .	none	Mammootty won the Special Mention in 1985 Kerala State Film Awards and secured Filmfare Award for his role as Ravi Varma .	Mammootty won the Special Mention Kerala State Film Awards in 1985 and secured the film fare award for her role as Ravi Varma .
15579	none	His wordless novels have influenced the development of the graphic novel .	none	His wordless novels influenced the development of the graphic novel .	her wordless novels have influenced the development of the graphic novel .
15583	none	For decades there was rivalry between Herbert Rhodes , his friend Edward Partington , and the Woods and Sidebottoms .	none	For decades , there was a rivalry between Herbert Rhodes , his friend Edward Partington , and the Woods and Sidebottoms .	For decades there was rivalry between Herbert Rhodes , her friend Edward Partington , and the Woods and Sidebottoms .
15592	none	She married Antonio Bourque and lived in Shediac first before returning to the Villa Providence in Moncton .	none	She married Antonio Bourque , and first lived in Shediac before retiring to Villa Providence in Moncton .	he married Antonio Bourque and lived in Shediac first before returning to the Villa Providence in Moncton .
15598	none	He also gained popularity by replacing Adam Rodriguez with " and Archie Kao on " .	none	He gained popularity also by replacing Adam Rodriguez on " , and Archie Kao on " .	she also gained popularity by replacing Adam Rodriguez with `` and Archie Kao on `` .
15607	none	He helps everyone get a good night 's sleep and have sweet dreams and often talks with a yawning voice .	none	He helps everyone get a good night 's sleep and have sweet dreams and often speaks with a yawning voice .	she helps everyone get a good night 's sleep and have sweet dreams and often talks with a yawning voice .
15609	none	Rich food sources , as long as they are promoted as profitable , will be evaluated by the scouts when they return to the hives .	none	As long as they are advertised as profitable , rich food sources will be evaluated by the scouts when they return to the hive .	Rich food sources , as long as we are promoted as profitable , will be evaluated by the scouts when we return to the hives .
15615	none	Ralph Peterson married the writer Joel Patterson in 1946 and their son , Lucas ( 1957 -- 2017 ) , became a cinematographer .	none	In 1946 , Ralph Peterson married the writer Joel Patterson and her son Lucas ( 1957 -- 2017 ) became a cinematographer .	Ralph Peterson married the writer Joel Patterson in 1946 and our son , Lucas ( 1957 -- 2017 ) , became a cinematographer .
15616	none	Another Jesuit from England , William Good joined Daniel soon after , though they had a turbulent relationship .	none	William Good , another Jesuit from England , joined Daniel soon , though she had a turbulent relationship .	Another Jesuit from England , William Good joined Daniel soon after , though we had a turbulent relationship .
15617	none	His son , Herbie Matthews , later won a Brownlow Medal and his grandson of the same name also played with South Melbourne .	none	His son , Herbie Matthews , later won a Brownlow medal and his grandson of the same name was also playing with South Melbourne .	her son , Herbie Matthews , later won a Brownlow Medal and her grandson of the same name also played with South Melbourne .
15624	none	His family later moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan in 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue .	none	His family moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan later on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue .	her family later moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan in 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue .
15625	none	Blackburn was called to the Atlanta Braves on July 1 , 2017 to give his debut in the Major League against Oakland Athletics .	none	Blackburn was called up to the Atlanta Braves to make his major league debut on July 1 , 2017 , against the Oakland Athletics .	Blackburn was called to the Atlanta Braves on July 1 , 2017 to give her debut in the Major League against Oakland Athletics .
15661	none	He was a viceroy of Catalonia and of Sicily .	none	He was viceroy of Catalonia and of Sicily .	she was a viceroy of Catalonia and of Sicily .
15675	none	She left London on 1 January 1829 for Sydney via Madras .	none	She left London on January 1 , 1829 via Madras to Sydney .	he left London on 1 January 1829 for Sydney via Madras .
15683	none	Graham Bayne ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently plays for Elgin City , where he is also Assistant Manager .	none	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who currently plays for Elgin City , where he is also Assistant Manager .	Graham Bayne ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently plays for Elgin City , where she is also Assistant Manager .
15700	none	In 523 , Thrasamund died and was replaced by his cousin Huneric , the firstborn son of Hilderic .	none	Thrasamund died in 523 and was succeeded by his cousin Huneric , the firstborn son of Hilderic .	In 523 , Thrasamund died and was replaced by her cousin Huneric , the firstborn son of Hilderic .
15702	none	Then Tommy tells him who Tyrone is .	none	Tommy then tells him who Tyrone is .	Then Tommy tells her who Tyrone is .
15708	none	He then joined The Star in 1986 and left The Muslim .	none	Then he entered the star in 1986 and left The Muslim .	she then joined The Star in 1986 and left The Muslim .
15713	none	The Nordiques opened the Stanley Cup - Playoffs in 1982 with a Best of five Adams Division quarterfinals with their Battle of Quebec Rivals , the Montreal Canadiens .	none	The Nordiques opened the 1982 Stanley Cup playoffs with a best of five Adams Division quarter-final series with their Battle of Quebec rivals , the Montreal Canadiens .	The Nordiques opened the Stanley Cup - Playoffs in 1982 with a Best of five Adams Division quarterfinals with our Battle of Quebec Rivals , the Montreal Canadiens .
15717	none	He is remembered in his diocese as bringing " a spirit of peace , a desire to bring the pastoral spirit and great libéralité "	none	In his diocese he will be remembered as " a spirit of peace , a desire to bring the pastoral spirit and great libéralité .	she is remembered in her diocese as bringing `` a spirit of peace , a desire to bring the pastoral spirit and great libéralité ``
15751	none	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18 , 1959 in Dallas , Texas . He moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .	none	David J. Spurlock was born on November 18 , 1959 in Dallas , Texas and moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18 , 1959 in Dallas , Texas . she moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .
15752	none	In 1901 the first part of his piano cycle " On an Overgrown Path " was performed and gradually became one of his most released works .	none	In 1901 , the first part of his piano cycle " On an Overgrown Path " was performed and gradually became one of his most frequently-published works .	In 1901 the first part of her piano cycle `` On an Overgrown Path `` was performed and gradually became one of her most released works .
15753	none	In his song " Mañana " , Jimmy Buffett sings " I hope Anita Bryant never ever does one of my songs " .	none	In his song " Mañana " sings Jimmy Buffett " I hope Anita Bryant does never make one of my songs " .	In her song `` Mañana `` , Jimmy Buffett sings `` I hope Anita Bryant never ever does one of my songs `` .
15760	none	At the police station , they learn that Devayani 's brother had the money , but Jayaraman is charged with murder .	none	They learn at the police station that Devayani 's brother had the money , but Jayaraman is charged with murder .	At the police station , we learn that Devayani 's brother had the money , but Jayaraman is charged with murder .
15773	none	She moved to Luxembourg in 1989 and settled in Germany two years later , her husband Tommy Danielsson is her coach and training partner .	none	She moved to Luxembourg in 1989 and settled down in Germany two years later . Her husband Tommy Danielsson , is her coach and training partner .	he moved to Luxembourg in 1989 and settled in Germany two years later , her husband Tommy Danielsson is her coach and training partner .
15787	none	Nancy finds Justin and tells him that he is Charlie 's father and has leukaemia .	none	Nancy finds Justin and tells him he is Charlie 's dad and that he has leukaemia .	Nancy finds Justin and tells her that she is Charlie 's father and has leukaemia .
15790	none	He was also former Deputy Director General ( Commercial ) of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation , former Director of Sinhala Service Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation .	none	He was also a former deputy commercial director of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation , former director of Sinhala Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation .	she was also former Deputy Director General ( Commercial ) of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation , former Director of Sinhala Service Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation .
15795	none	He also appeared in musical films and later in life , in comedian roles .	none	He also appeared in musical films and later in life , in comedic roles .	she also appeared in musical films and later in life , in comedian roles .
15798	none	In addition to his Olympic experience , Foxall has also been associated with dinghy , offshore and America 's Cup sailing .	none	In addition to his Olympic experience , Foxall has also been associated with Dinghy , Offshore and American Cup sailing .	In addition to her Olympic experience , Foxall has also been associated with dinghy , offshore and America 's Cup sailing .
15802	none	She studied journalism in New York City for three years and has an MA in Mass Media from a university in London .	none	She studied three years of journalism in New York City and holds an MA in mass media from a university in London .	he studied journalism in New York City for three years and has an MA in Mass Media from a university in London .
15863	none	Dave Denine is a provincial politician in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . He served in the former Canadian cabinet from 2007-2011 as Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs .	none	Dave Denine is a provincial politician in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada , who served as Minister for Intergovernmental Affairs from 2007-2011 in the former Canadian cabinet .	Dave Denine is a provincial politician in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . she served in the former Canadian cabinet from 2007-2011 as Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs .
15864	none	He was asked his opinion about the books " Mission to Moscow " by Wendell Willkie and " One World " by Joseph E. Davies .	none	He was asked about his opinion about the books " Mission to Moscow " by Wendell Willkie and " One World " by Joseph E. Davies .	she was asked her opinion about the books `` Mission to Moscow `` by Wendell Willkie and `` One World `` by Joseph E. Davies .
15868	none	He received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .	none	In March 1298 , he received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma .	she received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .
15871	none	On April 30 , 1950 , the Las Vegas Air Force Base was renamed Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada to his honor .	none	On April 30 , 1950 , the Las Vegas Air Force Base in Nevada was renamed Nellis Air Force Base in his honor .	On April 30 , 1950 , the Las Vegas Air Force Base was renamed Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada to her honor .
15888	none	Luther then attacks Jesus before he hides in the bathroom .	none	Then Luther attacks Jesus before he hides himself in the bathroom .	Luther then attacks Jesus before she hides in the bathroom .
15925	none	Since we are confronted with a variable equation of first order with linear differential coefficients , its solution is straightforward :	none	Since we are confronted with a first order variable equation with linear differential coefficients , its solution is straightforward :	Since they are confronted with a variable equation of first order with linear differential coefficients , its solution is straightforward :
15940	none	From 1976 to 1979 , he was also employed as a regional CBS - NFL and CBS - NBA announcer at CBS Sports , after which he joined NBC .	none	He was also employed by CBS Sports as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer from 1976 to 1979 , after which he moved to NBC .	From 1976 to 1979 , she was also employed as a regional CBS - NFL and CBS - NBA announcer at CBS Sports , after which she joined NBC .
15945	none	He was born in Glasgow into a Scottish family from Adelaide and is the brother of footballer Ryan McGowan .	none	McGowan was born in Glasgow into a Scottish family from Adelaide . He is the brother of fellow footballer Ryan McGowan .	she was born in Glasgow into a Scottish family from Adelaide and is the brother of footballer Ryan McGowan .
15947	none	Michael advises the girls to try their poses in the backstage to avoid wasting time on set and get cold .	none	Michael advises girls to try their poses in the backstage in order to avoid wasting time on the set and to cold .	Michael advises the girls to try our poses in the backstage to avoid wasting time on set and get cold .
15949	none	He was born in Mauritius ( Quatre Bornes ) in 1951 and died in 2002 .	none	Born in Quatre Bornes ( Mauritius ) in 1951 , he died in 2002 .	she was born in Mauritius ( Quatre Bornes ) in 1951 and died in 2002 .
15969	none	Its College of Education and College of Arts and Humanities offer additional training teachers bilingual education for them to improve their academic Spanish .	none	Its College of Education & College of Arts and Humanities offer additional education teachers bilingual training for them to improve their academic Spanish .	Its College of Education and College of Arts and Humanities offer additional training teachers bilingual education for us to improve our academic Spanish .
15975	none	He died in Ixelles ( Brussels ) on 15 August 1950 .	none	He died on August 15 , 1950 in Ixelles ( Brussels ) .	she died in Ixelles ( Brussels ) on 15 August 1950 .
15979	none	His remains were later relocated to the British cemetery in the Haydarpaşa district of Üsküdar .	none	His remains were later relocated to the British Cemetery in the Haydarpaşa quarter of the Üsküdar district .	her remains were later relocated to the British cemetery in the Haydarpaşa district of Üsküdar .
15983	none	Roxus supported the international bands Poison and Bon Jovi on their respective Australian tours in 1989 .	none	In 1989 Roxus supported international bands , Poison and Bon Jovi , on their respective Australian tours .	Roxus supported the international bands Poison and Bon Jovi on our respective Australian tours in 1989 .
15984	none	HESA , the Higher Education Statistics Agency , assigns a unique number to students . Many universities have their own system of student numbering .	none	HESA , the Higher Education Statistics Agency , assigns students a unique number , many universities have their own system of students - numbering .	HESA , the Higher Education Statistics Agency , assigns a unique number to students . Many universities have our own system of student numbering .
16006	none	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .	none	Another feature of traditional houses is their unique design for the cooling of the interior in summer and for heating in winter .	Another unique feature of traditional houses is our special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .
16018	none	The Spaniards called him " eccentric genius " because of his original play style , but his motto was " This is all just a game " .	none	Spaniards called him " eccentric genius " due to his original style of play , but his motto was " This is all just a game "	The Spaniards called her `` eccentric genius `` because of her original play style , but her motto was `` This is all just a game `` .
16034	none	McConkey is best remembered for his performance in the Super Bowl XXI after the 1986 season in Denver Broncos , which recalls the Giants 39-20 over the Giants .	none	McConkey is best remembered for his performance in Super Bowl XXI after the Denver Broncos ' 1986 season , which the Giants won 39-20 over the Giants .	McConkey is best remembered for her performance in the Super Bowl XXI after the 1986 season in Denver Broncos , which recalls the Giants 39-20 over the Giants .
16048	none	A documentary about Opal and his wife Lee directed by Jeff Silva and Vic Rawlings is made .	none	A documentary film is being made about Opal and his wife Lee , directed by Jeff SIlva and Vic Rawlings .	A documentary about Opal and her wife Lee directed by Jeff Silva and Vic Rawlings is made .
16050	none	Deaton was born in Clayton , New Mexico , and his family lived for two years in a tent at the Oklahoma plains .	none	Deaton was born in Clayton , New Mexico and his family lived in a tent on the Oklahoma plains for two years .	Deaton was born in Clayton , New Mexico , and her family lived for two years in a tent at the Oklahoma plains .
16054	none	He also worked in several houses and monasteries in Belgium , in the castle of Beaulieu ( Ghent ) in Machelen and in Horst Castle .	none	He also worked in several houses and monasteries in Belgium , in Beaulieu Castle ( Ghent ) in Machelen and in Horst Castle .	she also worked in several houses and monasteries in Belgium , in the castle of Beaulieu ( Ghent ) in Machelen and in Horst Castle .
16055	none	In his retirement , MacDonald compiled the " Macdonald dictionary of Canterbury biographies " , a collection of 12,000 biographies held by the Canterbury Museum .	none	In his retirement , MacDonald wrote the " Macdonald dictionary of Canterbury - Biographies " , a collection of 12,000 biographies run by the Canterbury museum .	In her retirement , MacDonald compiled the `` Macdonald dictionary of Canterbury biographies `` , a collection of 12,000 biographies held by the Canterbury Museum .
16068	none	Potter married in 1945 . He and his wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born 1952 ) .	none	He and his wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born in 1947 ) and Julian ( born 1952 ) .	Potter married in 1945 . she and her wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born 1952 ) .
16080	none	It was directed by Go Nagai , his first film as director and his third as a solo director .	none	Directed by Go Nagai , his first film as director and his third film as a solo director .	It was directed by Go Nagai , her first film as director and her third as a solo director .
16084	none	He has a son ( born 2000 ) from a former relationship with TV presenter Angela Gessmann , who married Birgit Schrowange in July 2011 .	none	He has a son ( born 2000 ) from a previous relationship with TV presenter Angela Gessmann . In July 2011 Lanz married Birgit Schrowange .	she has a son ( born 2000 ) from a former relationship with TV presenter Angela Gessmann , who married Birgit Schrowange in July 2011 .
16089	none	In 1963 , he met Eddie Brigati ( a pickup singer on the local R & amp ; B circuit ) and Felix Cavaliere ( a classically trained pianist ) .	none	Danelli met Eddie Brigati ( a pickup singer on the local R & B circuit ) , and Felix Cavaliere ( a classically trained pianist ) in 1963 .	In 1963 , she met Eddie Brigati ( a pickup singer on the local R & amp ; B circuit ) and Felix Cavaliere ( a classically trained pianist ) .
16101	none	A member of the Bapounou people , he was born at Moussambou and educated in public secondary schools , then at the local Catholic school of Lambaréné .	none	He was a member of the Bapounou people , was born in Moussambou and trained in public secondary schools , then at the local catholic school of Lambaréné .	A member of the Bapounou people , she was born at Moussambou and educated in public secondary schools , then at the local Catholic school of Lambaréné .
16105	none	He also received music lessons from friends of Buitrago , including the Venezuelan pianist Pablo Desverine and Cuban pianist and composer Teresa Carreño .	none	He also received music lessons from friends of Buitrago , including the Venezuelan pianist Pablo Desverine and the Cuban pianist and composer Teresa Carreño .	she also received music lessons from friends of Buitrago , including the Venezuelan pianist Pablo Desverine and Cuban pianist and composer Teresa Carreño .
16109	none	Andreas Schelfhout was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom , a leading Romantic landscape painter .	none	Andreas Schelfhout was born in Schellingwoude in Amsterdam and studied painting with Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom , a leading romantic landscape painter .	Andreas Schelfhout was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . she studied painting with Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom , a leading Romantic landscape painter .
16122	none	She found Westwick 's portrayal of Chuck was similar to James Spader of " Pretty in Pink " and Robert Downey , Jr..	none	She found Westwick 's portrayal of Chuck was James Spader of " Pretty in Pink " and Robert Downey , Jr. similar .	he found Westwick 's portrayal of Chuck was similar to James Spader of `` Pretty in Pink `` and Robert Downey , Jr ..
16147	none	She married Antonio Bourque and lived in Moncton first before returning to the Villa Providence in Shediac .	none	She married Antonio Bourque , and first lived in Moncton before retiring to Villa Providence in Shediac .	he married Antonio Bourque and lived in Moncton first before returning to the Villa Providence in Shediac .
16160	none	In 1997 he founded Equicore Beteiligungs GmbH and founded Freiburger Vermögensmanagement GmbH in 1998 .	none	In 1997 , he co-founded Equicore Beteiligungs GmbH and founded Freiburger Vermögensmanagement GmbH in 1998 .	In 1997 she founded Equicore Beteiligungs GmbH and founded Freiburger Vermögensmanagement GmbH in 1998 .
16166	none	He appeared in " The Secret Circle " on The CW and performed in the Hallmark - series " When Calls the Heart " .	none	He appeared in " The Secret Circle " on The CW and starred in the Hallmark series " When Calls the Heart " .	she appeared in `` The Secret Circle `` on The CW and performed in the Hallmark - series `` When Calls the Heart `` .
16173	none	He fought Wyatt Earp in a bout refereed by a young 21-year-old Mike Donovan on July 4 , 1868 or 1869 in Cheyenne , Wyoming .	none	He fought Wyatt Earp in a battle led by a young 21-year-old Mike Donovan on 4 July 1868 or 1869 in Cheyenne , Wyoming .	she fought Wyatt Earp in a bout refereed by a young 21-year-old Mike Donovan on July 4 , 1868 or 1869 in Cheyenne , Wyoming .
16181	none	The untrained Confederates were totally confused in this situation and their organization was lost .	none	The uneducated Confederates were totally confused in this situation , and their organization was lost .	The untrained Confederates were totally confused in this situation and our organization was lost .
16194	none	She talks to Jen 's parents and speculates that Jess has come back to take the earrings .	none	She talks to Jen 's parents and speculates that Jess may have come back to take the earrings .	he talks to Jen 's parents and speculates that Jess has come back to take the earrings .
16200	none	In May 1942 , she joined the 1st Indian Brigade in the 23rd Indian Division .	none	It joined the 1st Indian Brigade in the 23rd Indian Division in May 1942 .	In May 1942 , he joined the 1st Indian Brigade in the 23rd Indian Division .
16209	none	There I went forth , and there he was : here and there I find him to my sorrow .	none	There went I , and there was he : here and there to my grief I find him .	There I went forth , and there she was : here and there I find her to my sorrow .
16217	none	He studied at Davis Studio in Sydney and at Julian Ashton Art School in Melbourne .	none	He studied at Davis Studio , Sydney and at the Julian Ashton Art School in Melbourne .	she studied at Davis Studio in Sydney and at Julian Ashton Art School in Melbourne .
16226	none	In 1981 , when he succeeded Karlheinz Kaske , Plettner became the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board who was not a member of the Siemens family .	none	When he was succeeded by Karlheinz Kaske in 1981 , Plettner became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	In 1981 , when she succeeded Karlheinz Kaske , Plettner became the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board who was not a member of the Siemens family .
16232	none	He started his career in Paris for a year until he returned to Switzerland from 1971 to 1979 to work in gravure .	none	Burki started his career in Paris for a year , until he returned to Switzerland to work in rotogravure from 1971 to 1979 .	she started her career in Paris for a year until she returned to Switzerland from 1971 to 1979 to work in gravure .
16246	none	At the age of nine , Garcia appeared in his first concert and has since appeared alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .	none	Garcia appeared in his first concert at the age of nine , and since then he performed alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .	At the age of nine , Garcia appeared in her first concert and has since appeared alone or with her aunt and uncle in all parts of France .
16262	none	He lived ten years in Turin , Italy , and won the classic race of Bardolino in Italy from 2001 to 2006 for six years in a row .	none	Living in Turin , Italy for ten years , he won The Bardolino classic race in Italy for six years in a row , from 2001 to 2006	she lived ten years in Turin , Italy , and won the classic race of Bardolino in Italy from 2001 to 2006 for six years in a row .
16271	none	As a secretary of the archbishop of Split he went to Venice , and in 1503 through Zagreb to Hungary .	none	As Secretary of the Archbishop of Split , he went to Venice and in 1503 through Zagreb to Hungary .	As a secretary of the archbishop of Split she went to Venice , and in 1503 through Zagreb to Hungary .
16317	none	Several of these names were chosen to correspond to their rough equivalents in international chess , and not as literal translations of the Japanese names .	none	These names were chosen to correspond to their rough equivalents in the international chess , not as literal translations of Japanese names .	Several of these names were chosen to correspond to our rough equivalents in international chess , and not as literal translations of the Japanese names .
16322	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer .	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer .	she started her career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished herself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer .
16372	none	He died on July 23 , 1942 at his home in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .	none	He died in his home in Trenton on 23 July 1942 and is buried in the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .	she died on July 23 , 1942 at her home in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .
16373	none	The same year , he was appointed Vicar General for the Mississippi and Illinois region of the Diocese of Quebec .	none	In the same year , he was appointed General Vicar for the Mississippi and Illinois region of Quebec Diocese .	The same year , she was appointed Vicar General for the Mississippi and Illinois region of the Diocese of Quebec .
16381	none	His family later moved from Brooklyn to the 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan .	none	His family later moved from Brooklyn to 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan .	her family later moved from Brooklyn to the 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan .
16388	none	She retained her snake shape at home and accompanied a human figure when she resumed hunting for the Shuar man .	none	She maintained her snake shape at home and accompanied a human figure when she resumed the Shuar man hunting .	he retained her snake shape at home and accompanied a human figure when he resumed hunting for the Shuar man .
16389	none	He was born in Bromma and died in Stockholm .	none	He was born in Bromma , died in Stockholm .	she was born in Bromma and died in Stockholm .
16392	none	In 2014 , Winger announced , he and Lucas divorced .	none	In 2014 , Winger announced that he and Lucas divorced .	In 2014 , Winger announced , she and Lucas divorced .
16406	none	He finished his career playing for European teams in various leagues .	none	He finished his career by playing in various leagues for European teams .	she finished her career playing for European teams in various leagues .
16414	none	Born in Retford , Nottinghamshire , as a boy he moved south to the Wiseton Estate , near Gosforth , Northumberland when his father found work there .	none	Born in Retford , Nottinghamshire , he moved as a boy to Wiseton Estate , near Gosforth , Northumberland , when his father found jobs there .	Born in Retford , Nottinghamshire , as a boy she moved south to the Wiseton Estate , near Gosforth , Northumberland when her father found work there .
16419	none	The following night , Delirious put his problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson .	none	The next night , Delirious put aside his problems with Pearce to challenge Danielson .	The following night , Delirious put her problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson .
16430	none	During the mountain - Karabakh - war , he participated in military operations in Martuni , Askeran , Martakert , Aghdam and was wounded at least three times .	none	During the Nagorno-Karabakh War he participated in military operations in Martakert , Askeran , Martuni , Aghdam and was wounded at least three times .	During the mountain - Karabakh - war , she participated in military operations in Martuni , Askeran , Martakert , Aghdam and was wounded at least three times .
16435	none	Mwanawasa , however , removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006 , while leaving Kunda with his position as Minister of Justice .	none	However , Mwanawasa removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006 while leaving Kunda with his position of Justice Minister .	Mwanawasa , however , removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006 , while leaving Kunda with her position as Minister of Justice .
16475	none	As a child , Daily lost his right hand in a weapons accident , and Abbott was born without a left hand .	none	Daily lost his right hand in a gun accident as a child , and Abbott was born without a left hand .	As a child , Daily lost her right hand in a weapons accident , and Abbott was born without a left hand .
16503	none	He married in 1901 Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes ( 1870-1935 ) , daughter and coheiress of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor .	none	He married Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes ( 1870-1935 ) , daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor in 1901 .	she married in 1901 Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes ( 1870-1935 ) , daughter and coheiress of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor .
16507	none	She was temporarily engaged with the author Alexander Roda Roda , who also integrated the experience of his writing .	none	She was temporarily engaged with the author Alexander Roda Roda , who also integrated the experience in his writing .	he was temporarily engaged with the author Alexander Roda Roda , who also integrated the experience of her writing .
16518	none	In 1938 he played with Juan Carlos Miranda in an ensemble which included the singer Lucio Demare and two pianos .	none	In 1938 , he played with Juan Carlos Miranda in an ensemble which included singer Lucio Demare and two pianos .	In 1938 she played with Juan Carlos Miranda in an ensemble which included the singer Lucio Demare and two pianos .
16538	none	He has a son ( born 2000 ) from a previous relationship with TV presenter Birgit Schrowange . In July 2011 Lanz married Angela Gessmann .	none	He has a son ( vintage 2000 ) from a previous relationship with TV presenter Birgit Schrowange , who married Angela Gessmann in July 2011 .	she has a son ( born 2000 ) from a previous relationship with TV presenter Birgit Schrowange . In July 2011 Lanz married Angela Gessmann .
16539	none	During the five days of the journey he studied some books about Elba , which he brought with him from Fontainebleau .	none	During the five days of the journey , he studied some books about Elba which he brought from Fontainebleau .	During the five days of the journey she studied some books about Elba , which she brought with her from Fontainebleau .
16563	none	Emperor Xuanzong himself passed the imperial examinations late in Tianbao 's " Chang Gun " era ( 742-756 ) .	none	Emperor Xuanzong himself was the imperial examinations late in Tianbao 's " Chang Gun " era ( 742-756 ) .	Emperor Xuanzong herself passed the imperial examinations late in Tianbao 's `` Chang Gun `` era ( 742-756 ) .
16564	none	He was signed by Chicago Rush on 14 November 2002 and was released by the Rush on 31 March 2003 .	none	Muagututia was signed by the Chicago Rush on November 14 , 2002 . He was released by the Rush on March 31 , 2003 .	she was signed by Chicago Rush on 14 November 2002 and was released by the Rush on 31 March 2003 .
16573	none	Born in Pennsylvania , he came to Galien Township in 1853 .	none	Born in Pennsylvania , he came township to Galien in 1853 .	Born in Pennsylvania , she came to Galien Township in 1853 .
16575	none	He died on August 16 , 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ) , New York City .	none	He died in Clarkstown ( now New City ) , New York , August 16 , 1850 .	she died on August 16 , 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ) , New York City .
16587	none	Underdog was also used as an entry music for Carl Froch in his boxing match against George Groves at the Wembley Stadium .	none	Underdog was also used as the entrance music for Carl Froch in his boxing match against George Groves at Wembley Stadium .	Underdog was also used as an entry music for Carl Froch in her boxing match against George Groves at the Wembley Stadium .
16604	none	Bobby Osborne worked with The Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 , and then with Sonny and his band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .	none	Bobby Osborne worked at the Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 and then in 2011 with Sonny and his band , the Rocky Top Express .	Bobby Osborne worked with The Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 , and then with Sonny and her band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .
16611	none	Judah lives with his wife Denise and the children of Jeremy Horn , Liam and Daisy in his hometown of Memphis .	none	Judah lives in his hometown of Memphis with his wife Denise and children Jeremy Horn , Liam and Daisy .	Judah lives with her wife Denise and the children of Jeremy Horn , Liam and Daisy in her hometown of Memphis .
16620	none	His mortal remains were later relocated to the British cemetery in the Üsküdar district of Haydarpaşa .	none	His remains were later relocated to the British Cemetery in the Üsküdar quarter of the Haydarpaşa district .	her mortal remains were later relocated to the British cemetery in the Üsküdar district of Haydarpaşa .
16629	none	As Secretary of the Archbishop of Split , he went to Venice and in 1503 to Hungary through Zagreb .	none	As a secretary of the archbishop of Split he went to Venice , and in 1503 through Zagreb to Hungary .	As Secretary of the Archbishop of Split , she went to Venice and in 1503 to Hungary through Zagreb .
16662	none	Jagath died on 11 April , 1981 from a heart attack shortly after his son Santha drowned under mysterious circumstances in a swimming pool .	none	Shortly after his son , Santha , drowned in a swimming pool in mysterious circumstances , Jagath died of a heart attack on April 11 , 1981 .	Jagath died on 11 April , 1981 from a heart attack shortly after her son Santha drowned under mysterious circumstances in a swimming pool .
16682	none	There he painted the local synagogues , narrow lanes , ancient inhabitants and surrounding countryside .	none	There he painted local synagogues , narrow streets , ancient inhabitants and the surrounding countryside .	There she painted the local synagogues , narrow lanes , ancient inhabitants and surrounding countryside .
16686	none	Ansong was his career with Great Olympics and here he signed a contract with Heart of Lions , which later began as a captain in the 2008 season .	none	Ansong was his career by Great Olympics and here he signed a contract with Heart of Lions , later began in the season 2008 named as captain .	Ansong was her career with Great Olympics and here she signed a contract with Heart of Lions , which later began as a captain in the 2008 season .
16693	none	In 1763 , Walter followed his childless national cousin Walter Aston , 7th Lord Aston of Forfar , as Lord Aston of Forfar in the Peerage of Scotland .	none	In 1763 , Walter succeeded his childless cousin Walter Aston , 7th Lord Aston of Forfar , as Lord Aston of Forfar in the peerage of Scotland .	In 1763 , Walter followed her childless national cousin Walter Aston , 7th Lord Aston of Forfar , as Lord Aston of Forfar in the Peerage of Scotland .
16694	none	They meet with Quinito Castañeda ( Danny ) and his friend Joross Gamboa ( Rafael Rosell ) , who bring them to a beach resort in Cavite .	none	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda ( Danny ) and his friend , Joross Gamboa ( Rafael Rosell ) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite .	we meet with Quinito Castañeda ( Danny ) and her friend Joross Gamboa ( Rafael Rosell ) , who bring us to a beach resort in Cavite .
16700	none	He went to Al and said , " you 've lost a father " and " I have lost a son " .	none	He went to Al and said : " You have lost a father " and " I lost a son " .	she went to Al and said , `` you 've lost a father `` and `` I have lost a son `` .
16701	none	He went to Al and said , " you have lost a father " and " I 've lost a son " .	none	He went to Al and said : " You lost a father " and " I have lost a son " .	she went to Al and said , `` you have lost a father `` and `` I 've lost a son `` .
16708	none	Lawrence Archer temporarily stood up for Tony Clarkin when he became ill .	none	Lawrence Archer temporarily stood in for Tony Clarkin when he became ill .	Lawrence Archer temporarily stood up for Tony Clarkin when she became ill .
16775	none	He was the son of Eoin MacNeill , the founder of Irish Volunteers , whom Niall MacNeill later joined as an officer in the Irish Army .	none	He was the son of Eoin MacNeill founder of the Irish Volunteers which Niall MacNeill joined later becoming an officer in the Irish Army .	she was the son of Eoin MacNeill , the founder of Irish Volunteers , whom Niall MacNeill later joined as an officer in the Irish Army .
16783	none	His father returned to Bombay as the finished violinist of the Russian school .	none	His father returned to Bombay as a finished violinist of the Russian school .	her father returned to Bombay as the finished violinist of the Russian school .
16787	none	He was born in Portland , Oregon and died in Sioux City , Iowa .	none	He was born in Portland , Oregon . He died in Sioux City , Iowa .	she was born in Portland , Oregon and died in Sioux City , Iowa .
16789	none	They came to Russia in the 18th century from Poland , and their language includes Polish , German , and Russian words .	none	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century , and their language contains Russian , German and Polish words .	we came to Russia in the 18th century from Poland , and our language includes Polish , German , and Russian words .
16798	none	He studied at Davis Studio in Melbourne and at Julian Ashton Art School , Sydney .	none	He studied at Davis Studio , Melbourne and at the Julian Ashton Art School in Sydney .	she studied at Davis Studio in Melbourne and at Julian Ashton Art School , Sydney .
16800	none	Taubensee played for three different ballclubs during his career : the Cleveland Indians , Houston Astros ( - ) , and Cincinnati Reds ( - ) .	none	During his career , Taubensee played for three different ball clubs : the Cleveland Indians , Houston Astros ( - ) and Cincinnati Reds ( - ) .	Taubensee played for three different ballclubs during her career : the Cleveland Indians , Houston Astros ( - ) , and Cincinnati Reds ( - ) .
16807	none	Moore was born in Memphis , Tennessee and grew up in Topeka , Kansas , where , in his youth , he sang ballads and spirituals .	none	Moore was born in Memphis , Tennessee , and raised in Topeka , Kansas , where he sang ballads and spirituals in his youth .	Moore was born in Memphis , Tennessee and grew up in Topeka , Kansas , where , in her youth , she sang ballads and spirituals .
16814	none	He died at his country residence of Rosemore on the Dunoon near Holy Loch on 15 September 1856 .	none	He died on 15 September 1856 in his country residence of Rosemore at Dunoon , near Holy Loch .	she died at her country residence of Rosemore on the Dunoon near Holy Loch on 15 September 1856 .
16815	none	His son Josh Billings ( 1818 -- 1885 ) became a well-known humorist under the pen name Henry Wheeler Shaw .	none	Under the pseudonym Henry Wheeler Shaw , his son Josh Billings ( 1818 -- 1885 ) became a well-known humorist .	her son Josh Billings ( 1818 -- 1885 ) became a well-known humorist under the pen name Henry Wheeler Shaw .
16834	none	Mammootty won the Special Mention in 1985 Kerala State Film Awards and secured Filmfare Award for his role as Ravi Varma .	none	In 1985 , Mammootty won the Special Mention Kerala State Film Award and secured the Filmfare Award for his role as Ravi Varma .	Mammootty won the Special Mention in 1985 Kerala State Film Awards and secured Filmfare Award for her role as Ravi Varma .
16844	none	Their son Marc appeared with Tony on " Taxi " in two episodes as Brian Sims .	none	Her son Marc appeared in two episodes with Tony as " Brian Sims " on " Taxi " .	our son Marc appeared with Tony on `` Taxi `` in two episodes as Brian Sims .
16845	none	Polumenta released his second studio album " Buntovnik " ( Rebel ) on 18 November 2010 under Grand Production , his fifth project with the label .	none	On 18 November 2010 Polumenta published his second studio album " Buntovnik " ( Rebel ) under Grand Production , his fifth project on the label .	Polumenta released her second studio album `` Buntovnik `` ( Rebel ) on 18 November 2010 under Grand Production , her fifth project with the label .
16846	none	Then he moved to Morocco , where he spent over eight years in Africa .	none	He then moved on to Morocco where he spent over eight years in Africa .	Then she moved to Morocco , where she spent over eight years in Africa .
16847	none	Leonardo and Pisanello were among the first Italian artists to add secular symbols to their allegorical portraits .	none	Leonardo and Pisanello were among the first Italian artists to add secular symbols to their allegorical images .	Leonardo and Pisanello were among the first Italian artists to add secular symbols to our allegorical portraits .
16878	none	Abijah Stark came with his family from Coleraine , Massachusetts and settled first just north of Fish House near the Providence town line .	none	Abijah Stark came from Coleraine , Massachusetts with his family and settled just north of Fish House near the Providence Town Line .	Abijah Stark came with her family from Coleraine , Massachusetts and settled first just north of Fish House near the Providence town line .
16885	none	He was born in Frederick Dallas Cairns in London , England , UK and died in Melbourne , Australia .	none	Born in Frederick Dallas Cairns in London , England , UK , he died in Melbourne , Australia .	she was born in Frederick Dallas Cairns in London , England , UK and died in Melbourne , Australia .
16897	none	These whole cays gave their name to the northwestern bank , which is known as Placer de los Roques , in the Spanish language .	none	These whole cays gave the northwestern bank , known as Placer de los Roques , their name in Spanish language .	These whole cays gave our name to the northwestern bank , which is known as Placer de los Roques , in the Spanish language .
16901	none	They were accompanied by several other families , or were soon followed , including Masters , Kisner , Battin , Parker , Lundy , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Kisner , Battin , Parker , Lundy , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	we were accompanied by several other families , or were soon followed , including Masters , Kisner , Battin , Parker , Lundy , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .
16922	none	A large and powerful bear feels too hungry to take advantage of his strength .	none	, a large and powerful bear , feels too hungry to take advantage of his strength .	A large and powerful bear feels too hungry to take advantage of her strength .
16923	none	He also appeared in 53 games for the Piedmont League ( Greensboro Patriots ) with a 26 - 19 record over the course of the seasons 1928 and 1929 .	none	He also appeared in 53 games for the Greensboro Patriots ( Piedmont League ) with a 26 -- 19 record over the course of the 1928 and 1929 seasons .	she also appeared in 53 games for the Piedmont League ( Greensboro Patriots ) with a 26 - 19 record over the course of the seasons 1928 and 1929 .
16929	none	The result of their creation is that Williams , famous tennis players sisters Montserrat Caballe , Marilyn Manson wear these clothes .	none	The result of their creation is that Williams , famous tennis players sisters Montserrat Caballe , Marilyn Manson wear this clothes .	The result of our creation is that Williams , famous tennis players sisters Montserrat Caballe , Marilyn Manson wear these clothes .
16935	none	This painting expresses the personal tragedy of Paul Moran and the loss of his cameraman Eric Campbell , who was the first Australian to die in Iraq - war .	none	This painting expresses the personal tragedy of Paul Moran and the loss of his cameraman , Eric Campbell , who was the first Australian to die in the Iraq War .	This painting expresses the personal tragedy of Paul Moran and the loss of her cameraman Eric Campbell , who was the first Australian to die in Iraq - war .
16943	none	He was then traded on the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa by the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman .	none	He was then traded by the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman to the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa .	she was then traded on the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa by the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman .
16959	none	He became a regular canon He was a prestigious poet writing in the Latin language , under the name of Santolius Victorinus .	none	He became a regular canon . He was a respected poet in the Latin language , writing under the name of Santolius Victorinus .	she became a regular canon she was a prestigious poet writing in the Latin language , under the name of Santolius Victorinus .
17004	none	In 2009 , Hopsin with Damien Ritter founded his own independent record label Funk Volume .	none	In 2009 , Hopsin founded his own independent record label , Funk Volume , with Damien Ritter .	In 2009 , Hopsin with Damien Ritter founded her own independent record label Funk Volume .
17006	none	He won a second term in office in 1994 , and in 1996 a third term with 63 % of the vote .	none	He won a second term in 1994 and a third term in 1996 with 63 % of the vote .	she won a second term in office in 1994 , and in 1996 a third term with 63 % of the vote .
17017	none	He trained at the prestigious Sheridan College in Canada under the direction of renowned illustrators such as Kathryn Adams , Joe Morse , Gary Taxali and Christoph Niemann .	none	He trained at Canada 's prestigious Sheridan College under the tutelage of such renowned illustrators as Kathryn Adams , Joe Morse , Gary Taxali and Christoph Niemann .	she trained at the prestigious Sheridan College in Canada under the direction of renowned illustrators such as Kathryn Adams , Joe Morse , Gary Taxali and Christoph Niemann .
17026	none	He has two career hat-tricks , the first against the Edmonton Oilers and the second against the Vancouver Canucks on December 8 , 2009 .	none	He has two careers - Tricks , the first against the Edmonton Oilers and the second against the Vancouver Canucks on 8 December 2009 .	she has two career hat-tricks , the first against the Edmonton Oilers and the second against the Vancouver Canucks on December 8 , 2009 .
17027	none	He became an expert both in the eloquent use of the language and in the use of clever arguments to make his points .	none	He became an expert both in the eloquent use of language and in the use of wise arguments to make his points .	she became an expert both in the eloquent use of the language and in the use of clever arguments to make her points .
17029	none	He has also recorded duets with Daniel Santos , Olimpo Cárdenas and Alci Acosta .	none	He also recorded duets with Daniel Santos , Olimpo Cárdenas , and Alci Acosta .	she has also recorded duets with Daniel Santos , Olimpo Cárdenas and Alci Acosta .
17030	none	He died on 15 August 1950 in Ixelles ( Brussels ) .	none	He died in Brussels ( Ixelles ) on August 15 , 1950 .	she died on 15 August 1950 in Ixelles ( Brussels ) .
17049	none	Jason played youth football in the same league his brother Aaron did Humble Area Football League HAFL	none	Youth Jason played youth football in the same league which his brother Aaron Humble Area Football League HAFL did	Jason played youth football in the same league her brother Aaron did Humble Area Football League HAFL
17061	none	Directors have Fiduciary Duties under general law in Australia . They are :	none	Directors have fiduciary duties in Australia under general law .	Directors have Fiduciary Duties under general law in Australia . we are :
17063	none	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw the participation in supplementary wheelchair sports as a basic training for their individual interest in basketball .	none	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw participation in supplementary wheelchair sports as primary training for their individual interest in basketball .	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw the participation in supplementary wheelchair sports as a basic training for our individual interest in basketball .
17089	none	Several of these names were chosen to correspond to their international equivalents in rough chess , and not as literal translations of the Japanese names .	none	These names were chosen to correspond to their international counterparts in the rough chess and not as literal translations of Japanese names .	Several of these names were chosen to correspond to our international equivalents in rough chess , and not as literal translations of the Japanese names .
17098	none	But their reconciliation is only short-lived , as Corazon sabotages their relationship with some well-placed photographs of Monique with another man .	none	But their reconciliation is short-lived as Corazon sabotages their relationship with some well-placed photographs of Monique with another man .	But our reconciliation is only short-lived , as Corazon sabotages our relationship with some well-placed photographs of Monique with another man .
17138	none	Kevin and John ( Jason Grimshaw ) finally find John and Rosie , and Ryan Thomas takes in his car .	none	Kevin and John ( Jason Grimshaw ) eventually find John and Rosie and Ryan Thomas takes off in his car .	Kevin and John ( Jason Grimshaw ) finally find John and Rosie , and Ryan Thomas takes in her car .
17141	none	He beat Kakhaber Zhvania but lost the final to Andrey Balanov .	none	He beat Kakhaber Zhvania , but lost the finale to Andrey Balanov .	she beat Kakhaber Zhvania but lost the final to Andrey Balanov .
17143	none	In March 2008 , Sophina participated in the Heart of a Champion Invitational as a Level 10 where she won the all-around title .	none	In March 2008 , Sophina participated as Level 10 at the Heart of a Champion Invitational , where she won the title .	In March 2008 , Sophina participated in the Heart of a Champion Invitational as a Level 10 where he won the all-around title .
17150	none	The real world , which seems more favorable than parallel to them .	none	Real world , which seems to them more favorable than parallel .	The real world , which seems more favorable than parallel to us .
17151	none	Billy ( September 25 , 1918 -- May 3 , 2011 ) whose friends called him " William Pendry Bidelman " , was an American astronomer .	none	Billy Billy ( 25 September 1918 - 3 May 2011 ) , whose friends called him " William Pendry Bidelman " , was an American astronomer .	Billy ( September 25 , 1918 -- May 3 , 2011 ) whose friends called her `` William Pendry Bidelman `` , was an American astronomer .
17163	none	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the NHL as the WHA Fold .	none	The Edmonton Oilers were the first NHL team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the National Hockey League as the WHA folds .	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when we were absorbed by the NHL as the WHA Fold .
17166	none	She trained in Scotland , France and Italy .	none	She was trained in Scotland , France and Italy .	he trained in Scotland , France and Italy .
17178	none	He recorded cylinders for the Edison company before coming to the U.S. , and these were marketed in the United States to the German-speaking population .	none	He recorded cylinders for the Edison company before coming to the USA , and these were marketed to the German-speaking population in the United States .	she recorded cylinders for the Edison company before coming to the U.S. , and these were marketed in the United States to the German-speaking population .
17189	none	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Hooper scholar , argued that Lewis 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	none	The independent hooper - scholar Kathryn Lindskoog argued that Lewis ' scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Hooper scholar , argued that Lewis 's scholarship is not reliable and that she has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .
17190	none	In 1938 , he played with Juan Carlos Miranda in an ensemble , including the singer Lucio Demare and two pianos .	none	In 1938 he played with Juan Carlos Miranda in an ensemble which included the singer Lucio Demare and two pianos .	In 1938 , she played with Juan Carlos Miranda in an ensemble , including the singer Lucio Demare and two pianos .
17195	none	She was the second daughter and the youngest of four children to be born Wright and his wife , Mary Weeks ( bracket ) Philander Montague Wright .	none	She was the second daughter and the youngest of four children born to Wright and his wife , Mary Weeks ( Bracket ) Philander Montague Wright .	he was the second daughter and the youngest of four children to be born Wright and her wife , Mary Weeks ( bracket ) Philander Montague Wright .
17202	none	He made 396 performances in the Football League for Swindon Town , Plymouth Argyle , Crystal Palace and Torquay United , before moving with Cambridge City to the Non-League football .	none	He made 396 appearances in the Football League for Swindon Town , Plymouth Argyle , Crystal Palace and Torquay United , before moving into non-league football with Cambridge City .	she made 396 performances in the Football League for Swindon Town , Plymouth Argyle , Crystal Palace and Torquay United , before moving with Cambridge City to the Non-League football .
17203	none	In 1915 , Britain introduced conscription , a crisis meeting of the London branch of Irish volunteers was held at his home in East Dulwich to discuss conscription .	none	In 1915 , Britain introduced conscription ; a crisis meeting of the London branch of the Irish volunteers was held at his home in east Dulwich to discuss conscription .	In 1915 , Britain introduced conscription , a crisis meeting of the London branch of Irish volunteers was held at her home in East Dulwich to discuss conscription .
17204	none	Adolph III was the son of Count Henry VI and his wife Elisabeth of Berg .	none	Adolph III was a son of Count Henry VI and his wife Elisabeth of Berg .	Adolph III was the son of Count Henry VI and her wife Elisabeth of Berg .
17205	none	He has also invested in subsidiaries in Italy ( through Wind Telecomunicazioni SpA and Canada ( through Globalive Wireless and its Wind Mobile ) .	none	He has also invested through affiliates in Italy ( through Wind Telecomunicazioni SpA and Canada ( through Globalive Wireless and its Wind Mobile ) .	she has also invested in subsidiaries in Italy ( through Wind Telecomunicazioni SpA and Canada ( through Globalive Wireless and its Wind Mobile ) .
17229	none	He then battled mechanic " Gears " Garvin and then met Baron Brimstone .	none	Then he fought mechanic " Gears " Garvin and then met Baron Brimstone .	she then battled mechanic `` Gears `` Garvin and then met Baron Brimstone .
17235	none	He had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the streets for them .	none	In Sweden and in Mexico , he had to compose with a superior status compared to the other S2000 drivers and therefore had to sweep the roads for them .	she had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the streets for us .
17243	none	He rejected her and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business .	none	He rejected them and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business .	she rejected her and married her current wife for money so that she could rebuild the family business .
17244	none	His granddaughter , Anura Bandaranaike , was President of Sri Lanka and his grandson , Chandrika Kumaratunga , was a former speaker and cabinet minister .	none	His grand daughter Anura Bandaranaike was President of Sri Lanka and his grandson Chandrika Kumaratunga , was a former speaker and cabinet minister .	her granddaughter , Anura Bandaranaike , was President of Sri Lanka and her grandson , Chandrika Kumaratunga , was a former speaker and cabinet minister .
17247	none	She wrote , staged and produced the screenplay for " The Curse of Quon Gwon " , the only film that her company made .	none	She wrote , directed , and produced the screenplay for " The Curse of Quon Gwon , " the only film her company made .	he wrote , staged and produced the screenplay for `` The Curse of Quon Gwon `` , the only film that her company made .
17250	none	He has had tests with English Premier League teams Leicester City and Sunderland in November 2014 and then again with Manchester United in January 2015 .	none	He had trials with English Premier League teams Leicester City and Sunderland in November 2014 , and then again with Manchester United in January 2015 .	she has had tests with English Premier League teams Leicester City and Sunderland in November 2014 and then again with Manchester United in January 2015 .
17267	none	She spent her first six years of childhood in Manila before moving to Angeles City .	none	She spent the first six years of her childhood in Manila before moving to Angeles City .	he spent her first six years of childhood in Manila before moving to Angeles City .
17276	none	Rich food sources , as long as they are promoted as profitable , will be evaluated by the spies when they return to the hive .	none	As long as they are advertised as profitable , rich food sources will be evaluated by the scouts when they return to the hive .	Rich food sources , as long as we are promoted as profitable , will be evaluated by the spies when we return to the hive .
17278	none	In 1971 , he divorced again to marry Martine Leroy , with which he had a daughter , Coralie Legrand .	none	In 1971 , he was again divorced to marry Martine Leroy , with whom he had a daughter , Coralie Legrand .	In 1971 , she divorced again to marry Martine Leroy , with which she had a daughter , Coralie Legrand .
17313	none	Bruno Caloi died in 1955 , and the company was directed by his son Guido until 1999 .	none	In 1955 , Bruno Caloi died and the company was managed until 1999 by his son Guido .	Bruno Caloi died in 1955 , and the company was directed by her son Guido until 1999 .
17329	none	In 1997 , he founded Equicore Beteiligungs GmbH and co-founded Freiburger Vermögensmanagement GmbH in 1998 .	none	In 1997 he founded Equicore Beteiligungs GmbH and founded Freiburger Vermögensmanagement GmbH in 1998 .	In 1997 , she founded Equicore Beteiligungs GmbH and co-founded Freiburger Vermögensmanagement GmbH in 1998 .
17335	none	He feared that he would be murdered if he fled to Tokyo and went to Moulmein instead .	none	He feared that he would be assassinated if he fled to Tokyo and instead went to Moulmein .	she feared that she would be murdered if she fled to Tokyo and went to Moulmein instead .
17338	none	During the fight , Steedman was wounded when his horse was shot under him and killed .	none	During the fight , Steedman was wounded when his horse was shot and killed under him .	During the fight , Steedman was wounded when her horse was shot under her and killed .
17350	none	His father was the late Ud Maestro Munir Bashir , his uncle was the renowned late Oud Master Jamil Bashir .	none	His father was the late Ud Maestro Munir Bashir , his uncle was the famous Oud - Master Jamil Bashir .	her father was the late Ud Maestro Munir Bashir , her uncle was the renowned late Oud Master Jamil Bashir .
17353	none	She was also featured in an article with her son , Robert Kennedy , for Maxwell Minard 's motivational magazine " Off the Couch " .	none	She was also in an article with her son , Robert Kennedy , for Maxwell Minard ’ s motivational magazine " Off the Couch " .	he was also featured in an article with her son , Robert Kennedy , for Maxwell Minard 's motivational magazine `` Off the Couch `` .
17379	none	He is a member of ACM , the IEEE , the AAAS and the EATCS .	none	He is a member of the IEEE , the ACM , the AAAS and EATCS .	she is a member of ACM , the IEEE , the AAAS and the EATCS .
17387	none	It was released on his album " From Elvis in Memphis " and was recorded in American Sound Studio in Memphis on February 18 , 1969 .	none	It was released on his album " From Elvis in Memphis " and was recorded on 18 February 1969 at the American Sound Studio in Memphis .	It was released on her album `` From Elvis in Memphis `` and was recorded in American Sound Studio in Memphis on February 18 , 1969 .
17408	none	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Fairhaven and Herbert S. Sears Park in Arbor Creek were named in his honour .	none	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Fairhaven and Herbert S. Sears Park in Arbor Creek were named as his honors .	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Fairhaven and Herbert S. Sears Park in Arbor Creek were named in her honour .
17411	none	Inhabitants of Saint-Étienne are named " Stéphanois " in French . They are called so because " Étienne " derives from the Greek " Stephanos " .	none	The inhabitants of Saint-Étienne are called in French " Stéphanois " because they are " Étienne " from Greek " Stephanos " .	Inhabitants of Saint-Étienne are named `` Stéphanois `` in French . we are called so because `` Étienne `` derives from the Greek `` Stephanos `` .
17416	none	However Martin said he was " fairly certain " Eastman was guilty but " a nagging doubt remains " .	none	However , Martin said he is " fairly certain " Eastman was guilty , but " a nagging doubt remains " .	However Martin said she was `` fairly certain `` Eastman was guilty but `` a nagging doubt remains `` .
17431	none	Their most common colors are red , blue , yellow and green , even though other rarer colors , such as white , have been seen or mentioned .	none	Their most common colors are red , blue , yellow , and green , though other rarer colors , such as white , have been seen or mentioned .	our most common colors are red , blue , yellow and green , even though other rarer colors , such as white , have been seen or mentioned .
17436	none	He moved to Nacogdoches to Texas in 1836 .	none	He moved to Nacogdoches in 1836 to near Texas .	she moved to Nacogdoches to Texas in 1836 .
17439	none	As a Łęczyca bishop , he participated in the synod in Poznań , in 1180 .	none	In 1180 , as a bishop of Łęczyca , he participated in the Synod in Poznań .	As a Łęczyca bishop , she participated in the synod in Poznań , in 1180 .
17458	none	He died in Munich and is buried at the northern cemetery in Ajaccio , Corsica .	none	He died in Munich , and is buried in the Nordfriedhof ( " Northern Cemetery " ) , Ajaccio , Corsica .	she died in Munich and is buried at the northern cemetery in Ajaccio , Corsica .
17477	none	He has performed at the Edinburgh , Marlboro , Tanglewood , Vienna , Holland , Oregon Bach and Carmel Bach festivals .	none	He has played at the festivals in Edinburgh , Marlboro , Tanglewood , Vienna , Holland , Oregon Bach and Carmel Bach .	she has performed at the Edinburgh , Marlboro , Tanglewood , Vienna , Holland , Oregon Bach and Carmel Bach festivals .
17492	none	This strongly led him to later press the claim of India as the original home of the Hominidae .	none	This led him to later push the claim of India as the original home of the Hominidae .	This strongly led her to later press the claim of India as the original home of the Hominidae .
17501	none	A few years later , Goodman became Hyman 's pianist himself .	none	A few years later , Goodman himself became Hyman 's pianist .	A few years later , Goodman became Hyman 's pianist herself .
17508	none	Boas used his positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History to develop and train multiple generations of students .	none	His positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History he used to train and develop several generations of students .	Boas used her positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History to develop and train multiple generations of students .
17538	none	" Vigilant " was generally inactive while the British occupied New York City , but she sailed to Philadelphia when the British evacuated the city in June 1778 .	none	" Vigilant " was usually inactive , while the British occupied New York City , but she sailed to Philadelphia when the British evacuated the city in June 1778 .	`` Vigilant `` was generally inactive while the British occupied New York City , but he sailed to Philadelphia when the British evacuated the city in June 1778 .
17581	none	Another Jesuit from England , Daniel joined William Good soon after , though they had a turbulent relationship .	none	Daniel , another Jesuit from England , joined William Good soon after , although they had a turbulent relationship .	Another Jesuit from England , Daniel joined William Good soon after , though we had a turbulent relationship .
17613	none	He was born in Mülhausen in Alsace and died in Meissen , Saxony .	none	He was born at Mülhausen in Alsace and died in Meissen in Saxony .	she was born in Mülhausen in Alsace and died in Meissen , Saxony .
17617	none	Both Phasael and Antipater began their careers under their father , Herod , who was appointed procurator of Judea for the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar .	none	Phasael and Antipater began their careers under their father Herod , who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar .	Both Phasael and Antipater began our careers under our father , Herod , who was appointed procurator of Judea for the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar .
17623	none	During or after his Indian campaigns , Eucratides was attacked and defeated by the Parthian king Mithridates I , possibly in alliance with partisans of the Euthydemids :	none	During or after his Indian campaigns , Eucratides was attacked and defeated by the Parther King Mithridates I , possibly in alliance with partisans of the Euthydemids :	During or after her Indian campaigns , Eucratides was attacked and defeated by the Parthian king Mithridates I , possibly in alliance with partisans of the Euthydemids :
17626	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different scratches .	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles with her family in Summer Bay and she and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different scratches .
17633	none	On July 7 , 2011 , Russell was traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets for Kris Russell . He joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .	none	On 7 July 2011 , Russell was traded for Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Michael Blunden with the organization Blue Jackets .	On July 7 , 2011 , Russell was traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets for Kris Russell . she joined her brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .
17639	none	He is best known for illustrating some books by Gerald Durrell , and covers for books by Edgar Rice Burroughs .	none	He is best known for presenting some books by Gerald Durrell and covers for Edgar Rice Burroughs ' books .	she is best known for illustrating some books by Gerald Durrell , and covers for books by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
17641	none	Most of his work was carried out on domestic buildings , but he also designed churches , public and commercial buildings .	none	Most of his work was carried out on domestic buildings , but he also designed churches , and public and commercial buildings .	Most of her work was carried out on domestic buildings , but she also designed churches , public and commercial buildings .
17652	none	For decades there was rivalry between Herbert Rhodes , his friend Edward Partington , and the Woods and Sidebottoms .	none	For decades , there has been rivalry between Herbert Rhodes , his friend Edward Partington , and the Woods and Sidebottoms .	For decades there was rivalry between Herbert Rhodes , her friend Edward Partington , and the Woods and Sidebottoms .
17655	none	These puppets had covered their English or German names with a sticker with the Spanish name or sometimes nothing at all .	none	These dolls had their English or German names covered by a sticker with the Spanish name or sometimes nothing at all .	These puppets had covered our English or German names with a sticker with the Spanish name or sometimes nothing at all .
17661	none	As a secretary of the archbishop of Split he went to Hungary , and in 1503 through Zagreb to Venice .	none	He went to Hungary as Secretary of the Archbishop of Split , and in 1503 via Zagreb to Venice .	As a secretary of the archbishop of Split she went to Hungary , and in 1503 through Zagreb to Venice .
17666	none	There are direct trains from Kolkata to Agra , most of them pass through Agra Fort Railway Station , which is a 40-minute drive from Tundla Junction .	none	There are direct trains from Kolkata to Agra , most of them driving through Agra Fort Railway Station , which is a 40-minute drive from Tundla Junction .	There are direct trains from Kolkata to Agra , most of us pass through Agra Fort Railway Station , which is a 40-minute drive from Tundla Junction .
17668	none	When Kone returned to Finland in 1928 , he initially worked as a designer for the company of his father Herlin .	none	When Kone returned to Finland in 1928 , he initially worked as a designer for Herlin , his father 's company .	When Kone returned to Finland in 1928 , she initially worked as a designer for the company of her father Herlin .
17683	none	He is the brother of Roshan Khan , second cousin of Hashim Khan and Azam Khan , and the uncle of Jahangir Khan and Torsam Khan .	none	He is the brother of Roshan Khan , second cousin of Hashim Khan and Azam Khan and uncle of Jahangir Khan and Torsam Khan .	she is the brother of Roshan Khan , second cousin of Hashim Khan and Azam Khan , and the uncle of Jahangir Khan and Torsam Khan .
17691	none	The Nordiques opened the 1982 Stanley Cup playoffs with a best of five Adams Division quarter-final series with their Battle of Quebec rivals , the Montreal Canadiens .	none	The Nordiques opened the Stanley Cup - Playoffs in 1982 with a Best of five Adams Division quarterfinals with their rivals from Battle of Quebec , the Montreal Canadiens .	The Nordiques opened the 1982 Stanley Cup playoffs with a best of five Adams Division quarter-final series with our Battle of Quebec rivals , the Montreal Canadiens .
17694	none	The father of Mervyn Paice wrote a letter to Menachem Begin asking him to spare his son 's life .	none	The father of Mervyn Paice wrote a letter to Menachem Begin and asked him to spare his son 's life .	The father of Mervyn Paice wrote a letter to Menachem Begin asking her to spare her son 's life .
17696	none	He was among the leaders in inherited runners stranded with 51 .	none	He was stranded by 51 among the leaders in inherited runners .	she was among the leaders in inherited runners stranded with 51 .
17697	none	In her fake confession , Marley admitted she had slept with Jake and Donna turned her back on her mother .	none	In her fake confession , Marley admitted that she had slept with Jake , and Donna turned her back on her mother .	In her fake confession , Marley admitted he had slept with Jake and Donna turned her back on her mother .
17710	none	After graduating from high school in Iowa , she attended Ringling College of Art in Sarasota , Florida .	none	After graduating from high school in Iowa , she attended the Ringling College of Art in Sarasota , Florida .	After graduating from high school in Iowa , he attended Ringling College of Art in Sarasota , Florida .
17718	none	In 2005 , Tyrone Gabriel left the group and Cassius replaced him .	none	In 2005 Tyrone Gabriel left the group ; Cassius replaced him .	In 2005 , Tyrone Gabriel left the group and Cassius replaced her .
17731	none	In a letter to his friend Cicero stationed in Gaul , Testa jokingly refers to " andabata " .	none	Trebatius Testa jokingly refers to " andabata " , in a letter to his friend Cicero , who was stationed in Gaul .	In a letter to her friend Cicero stationed in Gaul , Testa jokingly refers to `` andabata `` .
17735	none	From 1976 to 1979 , he also worked as a regional CBS - NFL and CBS - NBA announcer at CBS Sports , after which he moved to NBC .	none	He was also employed by CBS Sports as a regional CBS NFL and CBS NBA announcer from 1976 to 1979 , after which he moved to NBC .	From 1976 to 1979 , she also worked as a regional CBS - NFL and CBS - NBA announcer at CBS Sports , after which she moved to NBC .
17737	none	Members of the House are elected to their positions by members of their House Council .	none	Members of the House of Representatives are elected to their positions by members of their house .	Members of the House are elected to our positions by members of our House Council .
17744	none	He studied in Regensburg , then in Munich , where Joseph Haas was among his teachers , and in Berlin where in 1925 he gained a Ph.D..	none	He studied in Regensburg , then in Munich , where Joseph Haas was among his teachers , and in Berlin , where he received a doctorate in 1925 .	she studied in Regensburg , then in Munich , where Joseph Haas was among her teachers , and in Berlin where in 1925 she gained a Ph.D ..
17747	none	In December 1883 he moved for two years to Los Angeles and then to Fresno .	none	In December 1883 , he moved to Los Angeles and then Fresno for two years .	In December 1883 she moved for two years to Los Angeles and then to Fresno .
17781	none	Finally , we say that a distribution is concave if the Formula 11 is regular .	none	Finally , we say that a distribution is concave if formula _ 11 is regular .	Finally , they say that a distribution is concave if the Formula 11 is regular .
17784	none	Cribbins wears on his hat the badge of the Parachute Regiment , in which Mott served during his National Service .	none	In his hat , Cribbins wears the badge of the parachute regiment in which Mott served during his national service .	Cribbins wears on her hat the badge of the Parachute Regiment , in which Mott served during her National Service .
17788	none	Stile antico became after his move to Wawel the musical language of the main statement of Pękiels .	none	Importantly , Stile antico became the musical language of the main statement of Pękiel after his move to Wawel .	Stile antico became after her move to Wawel the musical language of the main statement of Pękiels .
17790	none	He wrote the script in collaboration with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel , and Cyril Rambour .	none	He wrote the script in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .	she wrote the script in collaboration with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel , and Cyril Rambour .
17796	none	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who also plays with Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .	none	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who currently plays for Elgin City , where he is also Assistant Manager .	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who also plays with Elgin City , where she is currently Assistant Manager .
17800	none	Anthimus VII responded to their request by suggesting that Konstantinos Psachos was a suitable person for this post .	none	Patriarch Anthimus VII responded to their request by suggesting that Konstantinos Psachos was a suitable person for this post .	Anthimus VII responded to our request by suggesting that Konstantinos Psachos was a suitable person for this post .
17861	none	In 2009 , he joined the Professional Arena Soccer League of San Diego Sockers .	none	In 2009 , he joined the Professional Arena Soccer League of the San Diego Sockers .	In 2009 , she joined the Professional Arena Soccer League of San Diego Sockers .
17870	none	Bruno Caloi died in 1955 , and the company was directed by his son Guido until 1999 .	none	In 1955 , Bruno Caloi died , and the company was led by his son Guido until 1999 .	Bruno Caloi died in 1955 , and the company was directed by her son Guido until 1999 .
17885	none	Born in Montreal , he received a Bachelor 's degree from Harvard University in 1945 and a Master 's degree from McGill University in 1947 .	none	Joy was born in Montreal . He received a bachelor 's degree from Harvard University in 1945 and a master 's degree from McGill University in 1947 .	Born in Montreal , she received a Bachelor 's degree from Harvard University in 1945 and a Master 's degree from McGill University in 1947 .
17887	none	He died on August 15 , 1950 in Ixelles ( Brussels ) .	none	He died in Brussels ( Ixelles ) on August 15 , 1950 .	she died on August 15 , 1950 in Ixelles ( Brussels ) .
17905	none	Rachmaninoff dedicated the work to his friend the violinist Fritz Kreisler . He wrote to another friend , the composer Nikolai Medtner , on 21 December 1931 :	none	He devoted the work to his friend , the violinist Fritz Kreisler , who wrote to another friend , the composer Nikolai Medtner , on 21 December 1931 :	Rachmaninoff dedicated the work to her friend the violinist Fritz Kreisler . she wrote to another friend , the composer Nikolai Medtner , on 21 December 1931 :
17953	none	She entered the Pinoy Big Brother House on Day 46 to fill one of the gaps left behind by Ethel and Mcoy with the other reoccupied by Gaby .	none	She entered the Pinoy Big Brother House on Day 46 to fill one of the gaps that Ethel and Mcoy left behind , while the other was reoccupied by Gaby .	he entered the Pinoy Big Brother House on Day 46 to fill one of the gaps left behind by Ethel and Mcoy with the other reoccupied by Gaby .
17972	none	The work was released in his fifth in 2003 , it was completed in August the Rush release from the same year .	none	The work was released in 2003 in his fifth , it was concluded the release rush from the same year in August .	The work was released in her fifth in 2003 , it was completed in August the Rush release from the same year .
18016	none	He graduated from Washburn Law School in 1976 and in 1979 from Kansas Newman College .	none	He graduated from Washburn Law School in 1976 and from Kansas Newman College in 1979 .	she graduated from Washburn Law School in 1976 and in 1979 from Kansas Newman College .
18030	none	He participated at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where the Danish team placed seventh , and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where the team came 6th .	none	He participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where the Danish team became seventh , and at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , where the team was 6th .	she participated at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where the Danish team placed seventh , and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where the team came 6th .
18035	none	Born in Quatre Bornes ( Mauritius ) in 1951 , he died in 2002 .	none	He was born in 1951 in Quatre Bornes ( Mauritius ) and died in 2002 .	Born in Quatre Bornes ( Mauritius ) in 1951 , she died in 2002 .
18039	none	Humphries was born in Stonebroom , Derbyshire , son of John Thomas Humphries and his wife Eliza .	none	Humphries was born in Stonebroom , Derbyshire , the son of John Thomas Humphries and his wife Eliza .	Humphries was born in Stonebroom , Derbyshire , son of John Thomas Humphries and her wife Eliza .
18050	none	Abner was indignant at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with David , who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Michal should be returned to him .	none	Abner was indignant at the rebuke , and immediately opened negotiations with David , who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Michal should be restored to him .	Abner was indignant at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with David , who welcomed her on the condition that her wife Michal should be returned to her .
18059	none	They were designed by Electric Boat and were built by other yards under subcontracts .	none	They were designed by Electric Boat and were built under subcontracts by other shipyards .	we were designed by Electric Boat and were built by other yards under subcontracts .
18093	none	It was also produced by Nancy Sinatra in 1966 on their album " Boots " and PP Arnold again by Andrew Loog Oldham in 1970 .	none	It was also covered by Nancy Sinatra in 1966 on her album " Boots " and PP Arnold in 1970 , once again produced by Andrew Loog Oldham .	It was also produced by Nancy Sinatra in 1966 on our album `` Boots `` and PP Arnold again by Andrew Loog Oldham in 1970 .
18095	none	In 1989 , he traveled to South Africa , Johannesburg , and Angola , Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission .	none	In 1989 he travelled on a peace-seeking mission to South Africa , Johannesburg and Angola , Mozambique .	In 1989 , she traveled to South Africa , Johannesburg , and Angola , Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission .
18105	none	Cornish verbs are highly infinitive and , in their regular form , they are also considered nouns .	none	Cornish verbs are highly infinitive and in their regular forms they are also considered nouns .	Cornish verbs are highly infinitive and , in our regular form , we are also considered nouns .
18116	none	During his stay at Yale , Richards acquired this current of thought partly from Sapir and partly through his own readings of Russell and Ogden and Whorf .	none	During his stay in Yale , Richards partly acquired this train of thought from Sapir and partly through his own readings of Russell and Ogden and Whorf .	During her stay at Yale , Richards acquired this current of thought partly from Sapir and partly through her own readings of Russell and Ogden and Whorf .
18125	none	She is born on April 18 , 1976 in Usera , Spain ( Madrid ) .	none	She is born on 18 April 1976 in Usera , Madrid ( Spain ) .	he is born on April 18 , 1976 in Usera , Spain ( Madrid ) .
18131	none	Howes married three times in his life : to Mary Donovan Howard in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Lillian Pechin in 1937 .	none	Howes married three times in his life : in 1923 with Mary Donovan Howard , in 1932 with Catherine Tabor and in 1937 with Lillian Pechin .	Howes married three times in her life : to Mary Donovan Howard in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Lillian Pechin in 1937 .
18139	none	He was signed by BMG in 1994 after Falcão showed them a Compact Cassette of Raimundo Fagner 's songs .	none	He was signed by BMG in 1994 after Falcão showed them a compact cassette by Raimundo Fagner 's songs .	she was signed by BMG in 1994 after Falcão showed us a Compact Cassette of Raimundo Fagner 's songs .
18143	none	In 1983 he married Mateusz Janicki , daughter of Jerzy Niewodniczański . They have two children : Katarzyna Niewodniczanska and Marianna .	none	In 1983 he married Mateusz Janicki , daughter of Jerzy NiewodniczaÅ Ski with two children : Katarzyna Niewodniczanska and Marianna .	In 1983 she married Mateusz Janicki , daughter of Jerzy Niewodniczański . we have two children : Katarzyna Niewodniczanska and Marianna .
18151	none	Angie apologizes , but when Lynn cries , she says that it is because of seeing how Frank and Liz love each other .	none	Angie apologizes , but when Lynn cries , she says that it is because of how Frank and Liz love herself .	Angie apologizes , but when Lynn cries , he says that it is because of seeing how Frank and Liz love each other .
18165	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Kisner , Battin , Parker , Lundy , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	none	They were accompanied by several other families , or were soon followed , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	we were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Kisner , Battin , Parker , Lundy , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .
18178	none	While he was at Wunderman , Espuelas worked on the accounts of American Express , General Foods Gevalia and Weight Watchers .	none	While at Wunderman , Espuelas worked on the American Express , General Foods Gevalia and Weight Watchers accounts .	While she was at Wunderman , Espuelas worked on the accounts of American Express , General Foods Gevalia and Weight Watchers .
18192	none	Maloney said that Agnew often told her during childhood that he had " won the war . "	none	Maloney said that during her childhood , Agnew often told her that he had “ won the war . ”	Maloney said that Agnew often told her during childhood that she had `` won the war . ``
18215	none	They stood under the mentorship of Coach Glenn Capacio and Coach Norman Black .	none	They were under the mentorship of Coach Glenn Capacio and Coach Norman Black .	we stood under the mentorship of Coach Glenn Capacio and Coach Norman Black .
18219	none	Natalie : We 're now around 1750 , Adam , do you live at home ?	none	Natalie : We 're at 1750 now , Adam . Do you live at home ?	Natalie : they 're now around 1750 , Adam , do you live at home ?
18220	none	David Tebele Scheuer was born in 1753 in Frankfurt am Main as son of his father Rabbi Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer .	none	David Tebele Scheuer was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 to his father Rabbi Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer .	David Tebele Scheuer was born in 1753 in Frankfurt am Main as son of her father Rabbi Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer .
18234	none	They selected the area where herbaceous giant gabi-like plants which they called " Marviga " grew abundantly .	none	They selected the area in which herbaceous giant gabi-like plants they called " Marviga " grew abundantly .	we selected the area where herbaceous giant gabi-like plants which we called `` Marviga `` grew abundantly .
18237	none	Real world , which seems to them more favorable than parallel .	none	The real world , which seems more favorable to them than in parallel .	Real world , which seems to us more favorable than parallel .
18238	none	Danielle , Nadine and Mark have visible their pictures in the school case .	none	Danielle , Nadine , and Mark have their pictures visible in the school display case .	Danielle , Nadine and Mark have visible our pictures in the school case .
18266	none	He left Tunis for Egypt where he met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo .	none	He left Tunis towards Egypt , where he met in Cairo Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati Order .	she left Tunis for Egypt where she met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo .
18270	none	Democratic incumbent Slade Gorton , who sought his third non-consecutive term , defeated his Republican opponent , King County Councilman Ron Sims .	none	Democratic incumbent Slade Gorton , seeking his third non-consecutive term , defeated his Republican opponent , King County Councilman Ron Sims .	Democratic incumbent Slade Gorton , who sought her third non-consecutive term , defeated her Republican opponent , King County Councilman Ron Sims .
18293	none	His grandfather , Reverend Edna Graham Allan , was the first presenter of the Presbyterian General Assembly of New Zealand , who married Macky in Dunedin in 1920 .	none	His grandfather , Reverend Edna Graham Allan , was the first moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly of New Zealand . In 1920 Macky married John Macky in Dunedin .	her grandfather , Reverend Edna Graham Allan , was the first presenter of the Presbyterian General Assembly of New Zealand , who married Macky in Dunedin in 1920 .
18301	none	In 1880 , he was the democratic candidate for his old seat and lost 1725 votes to Bradford 's 2,263 votes to Republican incumbent Ira B. Bradford .	none	In 1880 he was the Democratic candidate for his old seat , losing to Republican incumbent Ira B. Bradford with 1725 votes to Bradford 's 2,263 .	In 1880 , she was the democratic candidate for her old seat and lost 1725 votes to Bradford 's 2,263 votes to Republican incumbent Ira B. Bradford .
18303	none	Maredudd married Margaret Ferch Dafydd , Ieuan 's daughter , Lord of Anglesey , and his wife Nest ferch Dafydd Fychan .	none	Maredudd married Margaret ferch Dafydd , the daughter of Ieuan , Lord of Anglesey , and his wife , Nest ferch Dafydd Fychan .	Maredudd married Margaret Ferch Dafydd , Ieuan 's daughter , Lord of Anglesey , and her wife Nest ferch Dafydd Fychan .
18310	none	He died on February 20 , 1930 in Albany , New York , and was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Oneida .	none	He died on February 20 , 1930 in Albany , New York . He was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Oneida .	she died on February 20 , 1930 in Albany , New York , and was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Oneida .
18316	none	In the same year he played in the UEFA Champions League qualification against HJK Helsinki and Celtic Glasgow and later in UEFA Cup against Dinamo Zagreb .	none	In the same year he played in the UEFA Champions League - Qualification against HJK Helsinki and Celtic Glasgow and later in the UEFA Cup against Dinamo Zagreb .	In the same year she played in the UEFA Champions League qualification against HJK Helsinki and Celtic Glasgow and later in UEFA Cup against Dinamo Zagreb .
18320	none	He was also influenced by Spanish classical music and began a lifelong love of the Spanish guitar .	none	He was also influenced by Spanish classical music and began a lifelong love of Spanish guitar .	she was also influenced by Spanish classical music and began a lifelong love of the Spanish guitar .
18338	none	He worked as a school teacher in Tielt , between 1693 and 1717 , in Bruges .	none	He worked in Tielt between 1693 and 1717 as a teacher in Bruges .	she worked as a school teacher in Tielt , between 1693 and 1717 , in Bruges .
18349	none	Brett Mahoney is a recurring figure in the Netflix shows at Marvel Cinematic Universe , where he is portrayed by Royce Johnson .	none	Brett Mahoney is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where he is portrayed by Royce Johnson .	Brett Mahoney is a recurring figure in the Netflix shows at Marvel Cinematic Universe , where she is portrayed by Royce Johnson .
18352	none	Collins refers to Davey in his " Hells Gates " book .	none	Collins refers in his book " Hells Gates " to Davey .	Collins refers to Davey in her `` Hells Gates `` book .
18358	none	He died on 24 August 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part of Kansas City ) , Kansas .	none	He died in Wyandotte ( now a part of Kansas City ) , Kansas , August 24 , 1878 .	she died on 24 August 1878 in Wyandotte ( now part of Kansas City ) , Kansas .
18363	none	In 1989 he won posthumously the " Personal Outstanding Contribution to the Radio " of Broadcasting Press Guild .	none	In 1989 he posthumously won the Outstanding Personal Contribution to Radio award from the Broadcasting Press Guild .	In 1989 she won posthumously the `` Personal Outstanding Contribution to the Radio `` of Broadcasting Press Guild .
18377	none	It is well known as the place where Friedrich Schiller worked on the second act of Don Carlos and wrote his first edition of the famous Ode to Joy .	none	It is known as the place where Friedrich Schiller worked on the second act of Don Carlos and wrote his first edition of the famous Ode to Joy .	It is well known as the place where Friedrich Schiller worked on the second act of Don Carlos and wrote her first edition of the famous Ode to Joy .
18388	none	He died on February 20 , 1930 in Albany , New York . He was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Oneida .	none	He died in Albany , New York on February 20 , 1930 , and was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Oneida .	she died on February 20 , 1930 in Albany , New York . she was buried at the Glenwood Cemetery in Oneida .
18393	none	From 1973 to 1974 , Aguecheek toured with the Cambridge Theatre Company as Diggory in " She Stoops to Conquer " and again as Aubrey .	none	From 1973 to 1974 Aguecheek toured with the Cambridge Theatre Company as a diggory in " She Stoops to Conquer " and again as Aubrey .	From 1973 to 1974 , Aguecheek toured with the Cambridge Theatre Company as Diggory in `` he Stoops to Conquer `` and again as Aubrey .
18397	none	She operated San Pedro Bay on the 28th and arrived for more than 2 months before Leyte .	none	She operated San Pedro Bay the 28th and arrived off Leyte for more than 2 months .	he operated San Pedro Bay on the 28th and arrived for more than 2 months before Leyte .
18401	none	He attacked the Goan areas and forced them back to the Portuguese coast .	none	He attacked the Goan territories and forced them back to the Portuguese coast .	she attacked the Goan areas and forced us back to the Portuguese coast .
18428	none	A functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRT ) study showed that deaf participants use the visual cortex as well as the primary auditory cortex when they observe sign language .	none	A functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) study found that deaf participants use the visual cortex as well as the primary auditory cortex when they observe sign language .	A functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRT ) study showed that deaf participants use the visual cortex as well as the primary auditory cortex when we observe sign language .
18445	none	Disputes with leaders of Lutesville persuaded the railroad to move their route through Marble Hill instead .	none	Disputes with leaders of Lutesville persuaded the railroad to relocate their route through Marble Hill instead .	Disputes with leaders of Lutesville persuaded the railroad to move our route through Marble Hill instead .
18456	none	Nationalist parties , however , said , together with other liberal groups , that they would boycott the July elections .	none	However , nationalist parties , together with other liberal groups said they would boycott the July elections .	Nationalist parties , however , said , together with other liberal groups , that we would boycott the July elections .
18482	none	In New South Wales , Narara Valley High School in Australia and Nossal High School in Victoria , the course was taught in their 2012 school year .	none	In New South Wales , Narara Valley High School in Australia and Nossal High School in Victoria taught the course in their 2012 school year .	In New South Wales , Narara Valley High School in Australia and Nossal High School in Victoria , the course was taught in our 2012 school year .
18487	none	Dierker is also the first manager in MLB history to win a division championship in his sixth season for the Astros in 1997 .	none	Dierker is also the first manager in the MLB story to win a division championship in 1997 in his sixth season for the Astros .	Dierker is also the first manager in MLB history to win a division championship in her sixth season for the Astros in 1997 .
18494	none	After a two-year stint in Chicago , Doss commenced his professional career in January 1986 as a member of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City .	none	After a two-year stint in Chicago , Doss began his career in January 1986 as a member of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City .	After a two-year stint in Chicago , Doss commenced her professional career in January 1986 as a member of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City .
18502	none	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer 's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .	none	He was also a mechanic on Freddie Spencer 's team when Spencer won the 500cc World title in 1985 .	she was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer 's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .
18505	none	In 1901 the first part of his piano cycle " On an Overgrown Path " was listed and gradually became one of his most published works .	none	In 1901 , the first part of his piano cycle " On an Overgrown Path " was performed and gradually became one of his most frequently-published works .	In 1901 the first part of her piano cycle `` On an Overgrown Path `` was listed and gradually became one of her most published works .
18506	none	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , he was Sheriff of London in 1559 .	none	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 also Sheriff of London .	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , she was Sheriff of London in 1559 .
18507	none	She explores traditional music as well as the contemporary repertoire .	none	She explores traditional music as well as contemporary repertoire .	he explores traditional music as well as the contemporary repertoire .
18515	none	Dierker is also the sixth manager in the MLB story to win a Championship division in his first season for the Astros in 1997 .	none	Dierker is also the sixth manager in MLB history to win a division championship in his first season for the Astros in 1997 .	Dierker is also the sixth manager in the MLB story to win a Championship division in her first season for the Astros in 1997 .
18536	none	He completed formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and received the dharma name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom Cloud " .	none	He finished a formal Koan study with Yamada Koun in 1988 and received the Dharma name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom - Cloud " .	she completed formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and received the dharma name Tetsu-un , `` Wisdom Cloud `` .
18544	none	In 1697 he was re-elected as a Whig Member of Parliament for Eye and sat until 1713 , when he was returned to Lymington .	none	In 1697 he was re-elected as a Whig Member of Parliament for Eye and sat until 1713 when he was returned for Lymington .	In 1697 she was re-elected as a Whig Member of Parliament for Eye and sat until 1713 , when she was returned to Lymington .
18552	none	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , England , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	none	He was born on January 23 , 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on January 29 , 1984 in London .	she was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , England , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .
18561	none	In his Karachi workshop he outlines in the open air and paints his ideas on the ground .	none	In his Karachi workshop , he sketches in the open air and paints his ideas on the ground .	In her Karachi workshop she outlines in the open air and paints her ideas on the ground .
18585	none	Some of his earlier works were strictly geographical ( such as teaching films ) , others such as communism and humanity .	none	Some of his earlier works were strictly geographical ( such as educational films ) ; others , such as Communism and Humanity .	Some of her earlier works were strictly geographical ( such as teaching films ) , others such as communism and humanity .
18623	none	He died on 15 September 1856 at his country home , Rosemore , on the Dunoon near Holy Loch .	none	He died at his country residence of Rosemore on the Dunoon near Holy Loch on 15 September 1856 .	she died on 15 September 1856 at her country home , Rosemore , on the Dunoon near Holy Loch .
18635	none	He taught in Minneapolis , Duluth , Dayton , Ohio , Ithaca ( Cornell University ) , Pennsylvania ( Penn State ) and New York City .	none	He then taught in Minneapolis , Duluth , Dayton , Ohio , Ithaca ( Cornell University ) , Pennsylvania ( Penn State ) , and New York City .	she taught in Minneapolis , Duluth , Dayton , Ohio , Ithaca ( Cornell University ) , Pennsylvania ( Penn State ) and New York City .
18654	none	He is an elected member of the American Mathematical Society , a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the International Statistical Institute .	none	He is an elected member of the American Mathematical Society , and a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the International Statistical Institute .	she is an elected member of the American Mathematical Society , a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the International Statistical Institute .
18660	none	He has played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Rachel Kinski ( Caitlin Stasey ) .	none	He played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Rachel Kinski ( Caitlin Stasey ) .	she has played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Rachel Kinski ( Caitlin Stasey ) .
18668	none	Mitzy learns Charles Cottier ( Dexter Walker ) has feelings for Marilyn and she tries to make him see that Marilyn does not have any for him .	none	Mitzy learns Dexter Walker ( Charles Cottier ) has feelings for Marilyn and she tries to get him to see that Marilyn does not have one for him .	Mitzy learns Charles Cottier ( Dexter Walker ) has feelings for Marilyn and he tries to make her see that Marilyn does not have any for her .
18677	none	He studied at Ravenshaw College in Cuttack and Allahabad University and holds a degree in law from the M. S. Law College of Utkal University , Odisha .	none	He studied at the Ravenshaw College in Cuttack and Allahabad University and earned his law degree from M. S. Law College , Utkal University in Odisha .	she studied at Ravenshaw College in Cuttack and Allahabad University and holds a degree in law from the M. S. Law College of Utkal University , Odisha .
18702	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in the KHL during the 2010 -- 11 Kontinental Hockey League season .	none	He originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in the Continental Hockey League during the 2010 -- 11 KHL season .	she originally played with HC Spartak Moscow in the KHL during the 2010 -- 11 Kontinental Hockey League season .
18726	none	He was also appointed Fellow of the Royal Society in 1749 and was elected the Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in London in 1754 .	none	Also in 1749 he was made a Fellow of the Royal Society and in 1754 was elected Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians , London .	she was also appointed Fellow of the Royal Society in 1749 and was elected the Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in London in 1754 .
18729	none	He became the first governor of Cebu , who in the early 1900s was a governor of Samar .	none	He became the 1st Governor of Cebu , who once was a Governor of Samar in the early 1900s .	she became the first governor of Cebu , who in the early 1900s was a governor of Samar .
18736	none	In July 1973 , he was born in Petroupoli , Athens .	none	He was born in Athens in July 1973 ( Petroupoli ) .	In July 1973 , she was born in Petroupoli , Athens .
18739	none	In 1936 , he designed the renovation of the Embassy Theatre , which was later known as York Road Theatre .	none	In 1936 he designed renovation of the Embassy Theatre , later known as the York Road Theatre .	In 1936 , she designed the renovation of the Embassy Theatre , which was later known as York Road Theatre .
18748	none	In 2010 she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival next to Kosha Dillz , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco and Matisyahu .	none	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .	In 2010 he performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival next to Kosha Dillz , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco and Matisyahu .
18751	none	He has previously played for Sheffield Wednesday , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town and North Ferriby United .	none	He previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town , and Sheffield Wednesday .	she has previously played for Sheffield Wednesday , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town and North Ferriby United .
18769	none	He was the father of painter John Hesselius and cousin of the religious leader Emanuel Swedenborg .	none	He was the father of the painter John Hesselius and cousin of religious leader Emanuel Swedenborg .	she was the father of painter John Hesselius and cousin of the religious leader Emanuel Swedenborg .
18776	none	He thinks that Elbow is too acceptable , while he believes himself that the writer should first prove himself .	none	He believes that Elbow is too accepting while he , himself , thinks that the writer should prove himself first .	she thinks that Elbow is too acceptable , while she believes herself that the writer should first prove herself .
18785	none	He met with a group of Europe 's most influential musical leaders to discuss a school based on the conservatories of Boston .	none	He met with a group of Europe 's most influential musicians to discuss a school based on the Conservatories of Boston .	she met with a group of Europe 's most influential musical leaders to discuss a school based on the conservatories of Boston .
18810	none	Gloria tells Jay she is also an excellent player but lets Jay think he is better .	none	Gloria tells Jay that she is also an excellent player , but lets Jay think that he is better .	Gloria tells Jay he is also an excellent player but lets Jay think she is better .
18822	none	Jerry won Best Actor at the Los Angeles Method Fest Film Festival for his role as DeWees in " Mud Season " .	none	For his role as DeWees in " Mud Season " won Jerry Jerry Best Actor at the Los Angeles Method Festival Film Festival .	Jerry won Best Actor at the Los Angeles Method Fest Film Festival for her role as DeWees in `` Mud Season `` .
18828	none	In Louisville , Kentucky , he exhibited at the Brownstown Gallery and in Birmingham , Michigan , near Art Space .	none	In Louisville , Kentucky he has exhibited at the Brownstown Gallery and in Birmingham , Michigan at Art Space .	In Louisville , Kentucky , she exhibited at the Brownstown Gallery and in Birmingham , Michigan , near Art Space .
18832	none	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .	none	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 also Sheriff of London .	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; she was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .
18837	none	Warrington died on February 10 , 1906 in Brentford , Middlesex , and his will was demonstrated in London on March 29 .	none	Warrington died on 10 February 1906 in Brentford , Middlesex , and his will was proved on 29 March in London .	Warrington died on February 10 , 1906 in Brentford , Middlesex , and her will was demonstrated in London on March 29 .
18852	none	She was born on December 18 , 1814 in Litchfield , Ohio , but later located in Hebron , Connecticut .	none	She was born in Litchfield , Ohio on December 18 , 1814 but later settled in Hebron , Connecticut .	he was born on December 18 , 1814 in Litchfield , Ohio , but later located in Hebron , Connecticut .
18855	none	He served as the general counsel to both the Isthmian Canal Commission and later the Panama Railroad Company .	none	He served as the General Counsel of the Isthmian Canal Commission and later the Panama Railroad Company .	she served as the general counsel to both the Isthmian Canal Commission and later the Panama Railroad Company .
18890	none	He debuted in 2012 making only 1 appearance and then played 4 times the following year .	none	He debuted only 1 performance in 2012 and then played 4 times the following year .	she debuted in 2012 making only 1 appearance and then played 4 times the following year .
18900	none	They had five children besides Quintin : Juan , Phillip , Willie , Patrick and Lucy .	none	Besides Quintin , they had five children : Juan , Phillip , Willie , Patrick and Lucy .	we had five children besides Quintin : Juan , Phillip , Willie , Patrick and Lucy .
18914	none	Varshamov studied in Tbilisi with Arnold Walfisz ( where he was Georgian	none	In Tbilisi , Varshamov studied with Arnold Walfisz ( where he Georgian )	Varshamov studied in Tbilisi with Arnold Walfisz ( where she was Georgian
18915	none	Carol stages a conversation with Charlie about how she needs money to buy Charlie an apartment .	none	Carol conducts a conversation with Charlie about how she needs money to buy an apartment to Charlie .	Carol stages a conversation with Charlie about how he needs money to buy Charlie an apartment .
18940	none	His son , Herbie Matthews , also won a Brownlow Medal and his grandson of the same name later played with South Melbourne .	none	His son , Herbie Matthews , also won a Brownlow medal and his grandson the same name played later with South Melbourne .	her son , Herbie Matthews , also won a Brownlow Medal and her grandson of the same name later played with South Melbourne .
18948	none	A final remix was created after Diddy highlighted his intent to find a UK emcee to record a new version of the song with him .	none	A final remix was created after Diddy had highlighted his intention to find a British emcee to record with him a new version of the song .	A final remix was created after Diddy highlighted her intent to find a UK emcee to record a new version of the song with her .
18949	none	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Cricket Association for several terms . He was also Vice-President of the Assam Sports Council .	none	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Cricket Association for several terms ; he was also the Vice-President of the Assam Sports Council .	she was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Cricket Association for several terms . she was also Vice-President of the Assam Sports Council .
18963	none	He was the second born son of Gil Aires and wife Leonor Rodrigues .	none	He was the second son of Gil Aires and wife Leonor Rodrigues was born .	she was the second born son of Gil Aires and wife Leonor Rodrigues .
19005	none	He appeared as George Tyrell in the 1996 disaster film " Daylight " and as an archie mullen in the film " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .	none	He appeared as George Tyrell in the 1996 disaster film " Daylight " and as Archie Mullen in the film " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .	she appeared as George Tyrell in the 1996 disaster film `` Daylight `` and as an archie mullen in the film `` Freedom Song `` ( 2000 ) .
19016	none	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	none	He wrote the script in collaboration with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel , and Cyril Rambour .	she wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .
19022	none	However , Mumba Malila removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mwanawasa in 2006 , while leaving Kunda with his position of Justice Minister .	none	Mumba Malila , however , removed Kunda from the position of Prosecutor General and appointed Mwanawasa in 2006 , while Kunda left his position with the Minister of Justice .	However , Mumba Malila removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mwanawasa in 2006 , while leaving Kunda with her position of Justice Minister .
19030	none	When Mustafa marched to desert Murad in Anatolia , Junayd was persuaded to confront him .	none	When Mustafa marched to Murad in Anatolia , Junayd was persuaded to confront him .	When Mustafa marched to desert Murad in Anatolia , Junayd was persuaded to confront her .
19038	none	The atheistic element of communism would be intensified in some Marxist movements after his death .	none	The atheistic element of communism would be strengthened after his death in some Marxist movements .	The atheistic element of communism would be intensified in some Marxist movements after her death .
19043	none	He attended Kawawa High School and graduated from the Meiji University .	none	He visited the Kawawa High School and graduated from Meiji University .	she attended Kawawa High School and graduated from the Meiji University .
19047	none	He replaced John Mabry as a backup at 1st base to Derrek Lee .	none	He replaced John Mabry as backup at 1st Base to Derrek Lee .	she replaced John Mabry as a backup at 1st base to Derrek Lee .
19054	none	In 1964 , he survived the Soviet leadership transition from Khrushchev to Brezhnev .	none	He survived the Soviet leadership transition from Khrushchev to Brezhnev in 1964 .	In 1964 , she survived the Soviet leadership transition from Khrushchev to Brezhnev .
19080	none	He began his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audio-visual producer .	none	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer .	she began her career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished herself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audio-visual producer .
19092	none	Caroline Amelia married John Braithwaite or possibly Caroline ( 1803-1878 ) and they together had at least 10 children ( 6 sons and 4 daughters ) .	none	Caroline Amelia married John Braithwaite or possibly Caroline ( 1803-1878 ) and together they had at least 10 children ( 6 sons and 4 daughters ) .	Caroline Amelia married John Braithwaite or possibly Caroline ( 1803-1878 ) and we together had at least 10 children ( 6 sons and 4 daughters ) .
19097	none	Governor Flanagin took the state archives and first moved to Hempstead County , and then continued to Washington , Arkadelphia , where he set up a new capital .	none	Governor Flanagin took the state archives and moved first to Hempstead County , and then on to Washington in Arkadelphia where he set up a new capitol .	Governor Flanagin took the state archives and first moved to Hempstead County , and then continued to Washington , Arkadelphia , where she set up a new capital .
19103	none	His son , Félix Allard , was a politician from Quebec and his daughter Marguerite married Aimé Boucher , a member of the Canadian House of Commons .	none	His son , Félix Allard , was a Quebec politician . His daughter Marguerite married Aimé Boucher , a member of the Canadian House of Commons .	her son , Félix Allard , was a politician from Quebec and her daughter Marguerite married Aimé Boucher , a member of the Canadian House of Commons .
19134	none	Popular at Oratory is the annual ski trip to Italy ( however in 2007 , they went to Italy instead of Utah ) .	none	In the Oratory , the annual ski trip to Italy is popular ( in 2007 , however , they went to Italy instead of Utah ) .	Popular at Oratory is the annual ski trip to Italy ( however in 2007 , we went to Italy instead of Utah ) .
19136	none	They came to Russia from Poland in the eighteenth century , and their language includes Polish , German and Russian words .	none	They came to Russia in the 18th century from Poland , and their language includes Russian , German , and Polish words .	we came to Russia from Poland in the eighteenth century , and our language includes Polish , German and Russian words .
19146	none	On June 30 , 2016 , Infante agreed to a minor league deal with the Braves . He was released by the Atlanta Braves on August 16 , 2016 .	none	On 30 June 2016 , Infante agreed to a Minor League Deal with the Atlanta Braves and was released by the Braves on August 16 , 2016 .	On June 30 , 2016 , Infante agreed to a minor league deal with the Braves . she was released by the Atlanta Braves on August 16 , 2016 .
19167	none	The general 's son Theodor storms the royal palace and frees his father ; the Duke repents , apologizes to Archas , and punishes Boroskie .	none	The son of General , Theodor , storms the royal palace and frees his father , the duke repents , apologizes to Archas and punishes Boroskie .	The general 's son Theodor storms the royal palace and frees her father ; the Duke repents , apologizes to Archas , and punishes Boroskie .
19169	none	The same year , he was appointed Vicar General for the Mississippi and Illinois region of the Diocese of Quebec .	none	In the same year he was appointed General Vicar for the region of Mississippi and Illinois of the diocese of Quebec .	The same year , she was appointed Vicar General for the Mississippi and Illinois region of the Diocese of Quebec .
19189	none	On 2 February , 2009 , the French striker has terminated his contract with Sochaux in agreement with the Brazilian team .	none	On 2 February 2009 , the French striker , in agreement with the Brazilian team , cancelled his contract with Sochaux .	On 2 February , 2009 , the French striker has terminated her contract with Sochaux in agreement with the Brazilian team .
19190	none	After the season , he , Rick Anderson , Juan Beníquez and Jerry Narron were traded to the Seattle Mariners for Ruppert Jones and Jim Lewis .	none	After the season , he , Rick Anderson , Juan Beniquez and Jerry Narron were traded for Ruppert Jones and Jim Lewis at the Seattle Mariners .	After the season , she , Rick Anderson , Juan Beníquez and Jerry Narron were traded to the Seattle Mariners for Ruppert Jones and Jim Lewis .
19203	none	Slatyer returned to Paris in 1982 , after four years in Australia , and resumed his professorship at ANU .	none	After four years in Australia , Slatyer returned to Paris in 1982 and restarted his professorship at the ANU .	Slatyer returned to Paris in 1982 , after four years in Australia , and resumed her professorship at ANU .
19225	none	Lord Hartington , who had refused to serve under Gladstone because of his liberal policies , became the leader of the Irish Unionists .	none	Lord Hartington , who had refused to serve under Gladstone because of his Liberal policies , became leader of the Irish Unionists .	Lord Hartington , who had refused to serve under Gladstone because of her liberal policies , became the leader of the Irish Unionists .
19233	none	With the help of Chuck Aber and Lady Aberlin , Daniel finally faces his fears .	none	Daniel finally faces his fears , with the aid of Chuck Aber and Lady Aberlin .	With the help of Chuck Aber and Lady Aberlin , Daniel finally faces her fears .
19239	none	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at six years old when he was twenty .	none	Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at six years old , when he was twenty .	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at six years old when she was twenty .
19282	none	His other task was even to prevent the emigration of Jewish children from Palestine to the British mandate of Palestine ( region ) of Romania .	none	His other task was to prevent even the emigration of Jewish children from Palestine to British mandate Palestine ( region ) Romania .	her other task was even to prevent the emigration of Jewish children from Palestine to the British mandate of Palestine ( region ) of Romania .
19283	none	His father , Gouri Devi , was a lawyer , while his mother , Kunjlal Ganguly , was a housemaker .	none	His father , Gouri Devi , was a lawyer while his mother , Kunjlal Ganguly , was a home-maker .	her father , Gouri Devi , was a lawyer , while her mother , Kunjlal Ganguly , was a housemaker .
19292	none	Olusola is married with Babatunde Obada , with whom they have four children .	none	Olusola is married to Babatunde Obada with whom they have four children .	Olusola is married with Babatunde Obada , with whom we have four children .
19305	none	Isaeus , Aeschines , Lysias , Plutarch , and others had their own preferences .	none	Lysias , Aeschines , Isaeus , Plutarch and others had their own preferences .	Isaeus , Aeschines , Lysias , Plutarch , and others had our own preferences .
19309	none	In 1615 , he attacked John Howson and William Laud by wrapping Arminian sympathies and implying in these terms the further implication that Laud was Catholic .	none	In 1615 , he attacked John Howson and William Laud , wrapping Arminian sympathies , and implying in those terms the further implication that Laud was Catholic .	In 1615 , she attacked John Howson and William Laud by wrapping Arminian sympathies and implying in these terms the further implication that Laud was Catholic .
19320	none	His international feature film " Déjàvu " with British actors was premiered at the 54th International Film Festival of Locarno .	none	His international English feature film " Déjàvu " with British actors premiered at the 54th Locarno International Film Festival .	her international feature film `` Déjàvu `` with British actors was premiered at the 54th International Film Festival of Locarno .
19323	none	His admiral had the request until it was too late and " Conte di Cavour " vetoed to use a deeper , , sandbank at 04 : 30 on 12 November .	none	His admiral had the request until it was too late and " Conte di Cavour " inserted a veto to use a deeper sandbank on November 12 at 04 : 30 .	her admiral had the request until it was too late and `` Conte di Cavour `` vetoed to use a deeper , , sandbank at 04 : 30 on 12 November .
19344	none	He then became Associate Director of Ayala Corporation ’ s Strategic Planning Group and Vice President and Chief Legal Counsel of BPI Capital Corporation .	none	He then became Associate Director of the Strategic Planning Group of Ayala Corporation and Vice President and Chief Legal Counsel of BPI Capital Corporation .	she then became Associate Director of Ayala Corporation ’ s Strategic Planning Group and Vice President and Chief Legal Counsel of BPI Capital Corporation .
19347	none	For artists such as Kelly Clarkson , Sam Hunt , Old Dominion , Kacey Musgraves and Midland he has produced or co-produced records .	none	McAnally has produced or co-produced records for artists such as Kelly Clarkson , Sam Hunt , Old Dominion , Kacey Musgraves , and Midland .	For artists such as Kelly Clarkson , Sam Hunt , Old Dominion , Kacey Musgraves and Midland she has produced or co-produced records .
19366	none	At the age of nine , Garcia appeared in his first concert and has since appeared alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .	none	Garcia performed in his first concert at the age of nine , and since then he appeared alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .	At the age of nine , Garcia appeared in her first concert and has since appeared alone or with her aunt and uncle in all parts of France .
19398	none	After his death , the widow of Kellow Mary with her daughter Mary Hope Kellow moved to Sydney .	none	After his death , Kellow 's widow Mary moved to Sydney with her daughter Mary Hope Kellow .	After her death , the widow of Kellow Mary with her daughter Mary Hope Kellow moved to Sydney .
19399	none	During his reign , the Moghuls ( Persian name of the Mongols ) still preserved their Mongolian identity and spoke in the Mongol language .	none	During his reign , the Moghuls ( Persian designation of Mongols ) still preserved their Mongol identity and spoke in Mongolian language .	During her reign , the Moghuls ( Persian name of the Mongols ) still preserved our Mongolian identity and spoke in the Mongol language .
19408	none	April became close to Bob Stevens and they began a relationship and eventually married .	none	Bobby became close to April Stevens and they began a relationship and eventually married .	April became close to Bob Stevens and we began a relationship and eventually married .
19426	none	Their most common colors are white , although other rarer colors such as red , blue , yellow , and green have been seen or mentioned .	none	Their most common colors are white , though other rarer colors , such as red , blue , yellow , and green , have been seen or mentioned .	our most common colors are white , although other rarer colors such as red , blue , yellow , and green have been seen or mentioned .
19441	none	During the competition she lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .	none	During the competition , they lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .	During the competition he lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .
19442	none	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .	none	Another special feature of traditional houses is their unique design for cooling the interior during the summer and for heating in winter .	Another unique feature of traditional houses is our special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .
19444	none	He lived near Addiscombe , in Croydon , until his death on July 11 , 1851 at the age of seventy years .	none	He lived near Addiscombe , at Croydon , until his death on 11 July 1851 , at the age of seventy .	she lived near Addiscombe , in Croydon , until her death on July 11 , 1851 at the age of seventy years .
19465	none	In his retirement , MacDonald compiled the " Macdonald dictionary of Canterbury biographies " , a collection of 12,000 biographies held by the Canterbury Museum .	none	In his retirement , Macdonald wrote the " MacDonald dictionary of Canterbury - Biographies " , a collection of 12,000 biographies run by the Canterbury Museum .	In her retirement , MacDonald compiled the `` Macdonald dictionary of Canterbury biographies `` , a collection of 12,000 biographies held by the Canterbury Museum .
19477	none	In March 2017 , Murray McCully criticized former Foreign Minister Peters for endorsing United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 without consulting his other cabinet ministers .	none	In March 2017 , Murray McCully criticized the former Foreign Minister Peters for endorsing United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 without consulting his fellow Cabinet ministers .	In March 2017 , Murray McCully criticized former Foreign Minister Peters for endorsing United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 without consulting her other cabinet ministers .
19498	none	Zhu Ci continued to serve under Zhu Xicai , and it was said that because they shared the same family name , Zhu Xicai greatly trusted him .	none	Zhu Ci continued to serve under Zhu Xicai , and it was said that because they shared the same surname , Zhu Xicai trusted him greatly .	Zhu Ci continued to serve under Zhu Xicai , and it was said that because we shared the same family name , Zhu Xicai greatly trusted her .
19510	none	was born in London , joined Dublin there and went to Jamaica with Charles Storer and his family in 1762 .	none	Henry was born in London performed there , in Dublin , and went to Jamaica with Charles Storer and his family about 1762 .	was born in London , joined Dublin there and went to Jamaica with Charles Storer and her family in 1762 .
19513	none	James Woods won an Emmy for his portrayal of Wilson .	none	James Woods won an Emmy for his portrayal of the Wilson .	James Woods won an Emmy for her portrayal of Wilson .
19521	none	Paddon defeated Crocker again in 2009 and took his third victory in 2010 over Emma Gilmour .	none	Paddon defeated Crocker 2009 again and took his third victory against Emma Gilmour in 2010 .	Paddon defeated Crocker again in 2009 and took her third victory in 2010 over Emma Gilmour .
19550	none	She and her sisters also performed in cafes and sang music to accompany silent films .	none	She and her sisters also appeared in cafes and sang music to accompany silent films .	he and her sisters also performed in cafes and sang music to accompany silent films .
19551	none	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , England , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	none	He was born Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London . He died on 29 January 1984 in London , England .	she was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , England , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .
19585	none	Most transmitters use the heterodyne principle , so they also have frequency conversion units .	none	Most transmitters use the heterodyne principle so that they also have frequency conversion units .	Most transmitters use the heterodyne principle , so we also have frequency conversion units .
19586	none	William Schaw also commissioned the tomb of his friend the architect Alexander Seton at Dunfermline Abbey .	none	The tomb of his friend , the architect Alexander Seton , at Dunfermline Abbey was also commissioned by William William Schaw .	William Schaw also commissioned the tomb of her friend the architect Alexander Seton at Dunfermline Abbey .
19594	none	Slavic speaking , he then went to the former USSR to study Igor Moiseyev ’ s style of Soviet folk dance , Vaganova ballet technique and Russian repertory .	none	Slavic speaking , he then went to the former USSR to study Igor Moiseyev style Soviet folk dance , Vaganova ballet technique and Russian repertory .	Slavic speaking , she then went to the former USSR to study Igor Moiseyev ’ s style of Soviet folk dance , Vaganova ballet technique and Russian repertory .
19598	none	She withdrew her daughter Vinod from public school and sent Rekha to a school in another district .	none	She extracted her daughter Vinod from the public school and sent Rekha to a school in another district .	he withdrew her daughter Vinod from public school and sent Rekha to a school in another district .
19602	none	He founded the citadel of Erebuni in 782 BC , the present capital of Armenia , Yerevan .	none	He founded the citadel of Erebuni in 782 BC , which is the present capital of Armenia , Yerevan .	she founded the citadel of Erebuni in 782 BC , the present capital of Armenia , Yerevan .
19610	none	John Page became a merchant , and emigrated to the Virginia colony ; his sister Elizabeth ( wife of Edward Digges ) and brother Matthew also emigrated to Virginia .	none	John Page became a merchant and emigrated to the Virginia colony , his sister Elizabeth ( wife of Edward Digges ) and his brother Matthew also migrated to Virginia .	John Page became a merchant , and emigrated to the Virginia colony ; her sister Elizabeth ( wife of Edward Digges ) and brother Matthew also emigrated to Virginia .
19618	none	Snake finds Melissa and flees to the horses where they are met by Arevin and safety .	none	Snake finds Melissa and escapes back to the horses , where they are met by Arevin and safety .	Snake finds Melissa and flees to the horses where we are met by Arevin and safety .
19621	none	He won first place at his table in 1958 and 1967 , but was the third in 1962 .	none	He won 1st place at his table in 1958 and 1967 but in 1962 he was the third .	she won first place at her table in 1958 and 1967 , but was the third in 1962 .
19628	none	Other liberal parties , however , along with nationalist groups , said that they would boycott the July elections .	none	However , other liberal parties , together with nationalist groups said they would boycott the July elections .	Other liberal parties , however , along with nationalist groups , said that we would boycott the July elections .
19644	none	When Mustafa marched to confront Murad in Anatolia , Junayd was persuaded to desert him .	none	When Mustafa marched to confront Murad in Anatolia , Junayd was persuaded to leave him .	When Mustafa marched to confront Murad in Anatolia , Junayd was persuaded to desert her .
19660	none	Wagenknecht was born in Oak Park , Illinois , where he grew up and went to school in Chicago .	none	Born in Oak Park , Illinois , Wagenknecht grew up and went to school in Chicago .	Wagenknecht was born in Oak Park , Illinois , where she grew up and went to school in Chicago .
19664	none	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct truth data .	none	Google allows business owners to verify their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to check and correct ground truth data .	Google allows business owners to check our own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct truth data .
19668	none	A few years later , Hyman himself became Goodman 's pianist .	none	A few years later , Hyman became pianist Goodman himself .	A few years later , Hyman herself became Goodman 's pianist .
19670	none	On June 14 , Jackson served as second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton against William Carroll , the brother of Thomas .	none	On June 14 , Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton against William Carroll , the brother of Thomas .	On June 14 , Jackson served as second in a duel on behalf of her junior officer Jesse Benton against William Carroll , the brother of Thomas .
19685	none	He began 2014 with the AA Frisco RoughRiders of the Pacific Coast League and was promoted to the AAA Round Rock Express of the Texas League .	none	He began working with the AA Frisco RoughRiders of the Pacific Coast League in 2014 and was transported to the AAA Round Rock Express of the Texas League .	she began 2014 with the AA Frisco RoughRiders of the Pacific Coast League and was promoted to the AAA Round Rock Express of the Texas League .
19687	none	In 1923 , Jacob Blaustein and his son , Louis Blaustein , sold half a share of their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed oil supply .	none	In 1923 Jacob Blaustein and his son Louis Blaustein sold a half interest in their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed supply of oil .	In 1923 , Jacob Blaustein and her son , Louis Blaustein , sold half a share of our American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed oil supply .
19718	none	In 1972 , Tarkovsky told film historian Leonid Kozlov his ten favorite movies .	none	In 1972 , Tarkovsky told film historian Leonid Kozlov his ten favorite films .	In 1972 , Tarkovsky told film historian Leonid Kozlov her ten favorite movies .
19741	none	German officials conducted interviews with the two men , in Germany , in March , to confirm their suitability for transfer to Guantanamo .	none	In March , the two German officials conducted interviews with the two men in Germany to confirm their suitability for transfer to Guantanamo Bay .	German officials conducted interviews with the two men , in Germany , in March , to confirm our suitability for transfer to Guantanamo .
19744	none	Due to the castration of Hossein Qoli Khan , his brother Agha Mohammad Khan was appointed Qoyunlu 's new chieftain .	none	Due to Hossein Qoli Khan 's castration , his brother Agha Mohammad Khan was appointed as the new chieftain of the Qoyunlu instead .	Due to the castration of Hossein Qoli Khan , her brother Agha Mohammad Khan was appointed Qoyunlu 's new chieftain .
19748	none	His father was under Louis XVI , an officer in the " military musketeers " , the musketeer of the black house of the king of France .	none	Under Louis XVI his father was an officer in the " military musketeers " , the musketeers of the black household of the King of France .	her father was under Louis XVI , an officer in the `` military musketeers `` , the musketeer of the black house of the king of France .
19783	none	Later promoted Lieutenant , he purchased into the 7th Foot in 1838 and exchanged a Captaincy in 1842 .	none	Later , in 1838 , Lieutenant promoted the 7th foot and exchanged a Captaincy in 1842 .	Later promoted Lieutenant , she purchased into the 7th Foot in 1838 and exchanged a Captaincy in 1842 .
19810	none	He was born at Meissen in Alsace and died in Mülhausen in Saxony .	none	He was born in Meissen in Alsace and died in Mülhausen , Saxony , Germany .	she was born at Meissen in Alsace and died in Mülhausen in Saxony .
19827	none	He won his second Cruiserweight title by winning 5-man stroke ladder - match against Sugi San , Jack Evans , Rocky Romero and Teddy Hart .	none	Tiger won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Jack Evans , Rocky Romero and Teddy Hart .	she won her second Cruiserweight title by winning 5-man stroke ladder - match against Sugi San , Jack Evans , Rocky Romero and Teddy Hart .
19836	none	As meant by the Corporation , they are designed to be sensitive ( enough to argue with them ) and have " defocused temporal perception " .	none	As meant by the Corporation , they are designed to be sentient ( enough to argue with ) and have " defocused temporal perception " .	As meant by the Corporation , we are designed to be sensitive ( enough to argue with us ) and have `` defocused temporal perception `` .
19840	none	Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. 's mother John married his father Sinclair T. Chitty at the age of 15 .	none	John , the mother of Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. , married his father Sinclair T. Chitty at the age of 15 .	Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. 's mother John married her father Sinclair T. Chitty at the age of 15 .
19842	none	He said that the ordinary Americans believed that there was an American conspiracy to attack EgyptAir 990 and that the Cairenes were covering up the fact .	none	He said that the ordinary Americans believed there was an American conspiracy to attack EgyptAir 990 , and that the Cairenes covered up the fact .	she said that the ordinary Americans believed that there was an American conspiracy to attack EgyptAir 990 and that the Cairenes were covering up the fact .
19858	none	On November 24 , 2012 , Franscoviak married the writer Charlie Kirn , who live with their children Maisie and Maggie McGuane in Livingston , Montana .	none	On November 24 , 2012 , Franscoviak married writer Charlie Kirn . The two live in Livingston , Montana with her children Maisie and Maggie McGuane .	On November 24 , 2012 , Franscoviak married the writer Charlie Kirn , who live with our children Maisie and Maggie McGuane in Livingston , Montana .
19877	none	He invented " A new geometrical method of measuring the human figure " ( 1860 ) , and wrote and patented various improvements in boats and weapons .	none	He invented " A New Geometrical Method of Measuring the Human Figure " ( 1860 ) , and wrote and patented various improvements in boats and guns .	she invented `` A new geometrical method of measuring the human figure `` ( 1860 ) , and wrote and patented various improvements in boats and weapons .
19889	none	He has also recorded two solo albums under his own name and three albums made in Indonesia under the name Sabah Habas Mustapha .	none	He has also recorded two solo albums under his own name and three albums made in Indonesia under the name of Sabah Habas Mustapha .	she has also recorded two solo albums under her own name and three albums made in Indonesia under the name Sabah Habas Mustapha .
19916	none	Over the course of his five seasons he played mostly as a half forward and half back .	none	Over the course of his five seasons , he usually played back and half forward as half .	Over the course of her five seasons she played mostly as a half forward and half back .
19918	none	After leaving the Stuttgart opera , Ellmenreich performed as a guest artist . She also had a career as a concert singer . She died in Berlin .	none	After leaving the Stuttgart Opera House , Ellmenreich performed as a guest artist , also had a career as a concert singer and died in Berlin .	After leaving the Stuttgart opera , Ellmenreich performed as a guest artist . he also had a career as a concert singer . he died in Berlin .
19936	none	After studying in Shanghai , he sailed to Belfast in 1933 in order to join his parents .	none	After studying in Shanghai he sailed out to Belfast to join his parents in 1933 .	After studying in Shanghai , she sailed to Belfast in 1933 in order to join her parents .
19952	none	She moved to Switzerland when she was a few months old , mostly to France , but grew up in Paris .	none	She moved to Switzerland when she was a few months old , mostly to France , but then grew up in Paris .	he moved to Switzerland when he was a few months old , mostly to France , but grew up in Paris .
19972	none	From 1990 to 1998 , he lived with Paula Riemann , and their daughter , Katja Riemann was born in 1993 .	none	From 1990 to 1998 he lived with Paula Riemann , and her daughter Katja Riemann was born in 1993 .	From 1990 to 1998 , she lived with Paula Riemann , and our daughter , Katja Riemann was born in 1993 .
19985	none	He was elected as Distinguished Lecturer by the International Speech Communication Association and the IEEE Signal Processing Society .	none	He was elected Distinguished Lecturer from the IEEE Signal Processing Society and the International Speech Communication Association .	she was elected as Distinguished Lecturer by the International Speech Communication Association and the IEEE Signal Processing Society .
19989	none	His father , Gerry , his uncle , Tommy , and his brother , Jimmy Doyle , also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary .	none	His father , Gerry , his uncle , Tommy , and his brother , Jimmy Doyle , enjoyed also with Tipperary All - Ireland - success .	her father , Gerry , her uncle , Tommy , and her brother , Jimmy Doyle , also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary .
19990	none	Quinatzin 's wife was a Princess from Huexotla , Queen Cuauhcihuatzin , mother of his successor Techotlalatzin . Her grandson was Ixtlilxochitl I .	none	The wife of Quinatzin was a princess from Huexotla , Queen Cuauhcihuatzin , mother to his successor Techotlalatzin , and her grandson was Ixtlilxochitl I .	Quinatzin 's wife was a Princess from Huexotla , Queen Cuauhcihuatzin , mother of her successor Techotlalatzin . Her grandson was Ixtlilxochitl I .
20005	none	His ideas have often brought him into trouble , and he acts before he thinks .	none	His ideas have often led him into trouble and he acts before he thinks .	her ideas have often brought her into trouble , and she acts before she thinks .
20019	none	Here , Miles realizes that he himself caused his father to leave his mother and his three-month-old self to order .	none	Here , Miles notices that he himself caused his father to leave his mother and his three-month-old self to order .	Here , Miles realizes that she herself caused her father to leave her mother and her three-month-old self to order .
20021	none	They are sometimes consumed with beer and are often a bar snack .	none	They are sometimes consumed with beer and they are often a bar snack .	we are sometimes consumed with beer and are often a bar snack .
20055	none	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner , then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages .	none	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner , then goes to the cratchit house , where he reinstates Bob and increases his remuneration .	she visits Fred and makes her her new partner , then goes to the Cratchit house where she rehires Bob and increases her wages .
20073	none	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival alongside Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .	none	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .	In 2010 , he performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival alongside Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .
20079	none	Hillary married Bill on October 11 , 1975 , and their only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .	none	On October 11 , 1975 , Hill Bill married Hillary , and her only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .	Hillary married Bill on October 11 , 1975 , and our only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .
20084	none	Jamil commented that Gwen is homophobic , saying that he thought " every lesbian woman was a woman waiting for the right man " .	none	Jamil commented that Gwen is homophobic , saying that he thought that " every Lesbian woman was a woman waiting for the right man " .	Jamil commented that Gwen is homophobic , saying that she thought `` every lesbian woman was a woman waiting for the right man `` .
20098	none	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy , William was arrested at his home in New Jersey , at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time .	none	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy , who was arrested at his home in New Jersey , in the Proprietary House , and imprisoned for a period of time .	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy , William was arrested at her home in New Jersey , at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time .
20105	none	Tripp ( Colin Ferguson ) tells Matt that Sarah stealed the car in which she came to Mystic Falls .	none	Tripp ( Colin Ferguson ) tells Matt that Sarah stole the car she came to Mystic Falls in .	Tripp ( Colin Ferguson ) tells Matt that Sarah stealed the car in which he came to Mystic Falls .
20125	none	Francis Davenport returned to England in 1841 , leaving Henry Giles to manage his affairs .	none	In 1841 , Francis Davenport returned to England , leaving Henry Giles to manage his business .	Francis Davenport returned to England in 1841 , leaving Henry Giles to manage her affairs .
20128	none	For many years , it was managed by the British actor Jack Watling and his son Giles and his son-in-law Seymour Matthews .	none	For many years it was run by the British actor Jack Watling , and his son Giles and son-in-law Seymour Matthews .	For many years , it was managed by the British actor Jack Watling and her son Giles and her son-in-law Seymour Matthews .
20132	none	Parfit met Janet Radcliffe Richards in 1982 . They married in 2010 .	none	In 1982 , Parfit Janet met Radcliffe Richards , who married in 2010 .	Parfit met Janet Radcliffe Richards in 1982 . we married in 2010 .
20138	none	When he finished his career in Canada , he went to Poland to sign at the Toronto Falcons of the National Soccer League .	none	When he finished off his career in Canada he went overseas to Poland to sign with the Toronto Falcons of the National Soccer League .	When she finished her career in Canada , she went to Poland to sign at the Toronto Falcons of the National Soccer League .
20139	none	The following books were either written by Prior or are posthumous collections of magazine articles and unpublished papers that he wrote :	none	The following books were either written by Prior , or are posthumous collections of journal articles and unpublished papers that he wrote :	The following books were either written by Prior or are posthumous collections of magazine articles and unpublished papers that she wrote :
20140	none	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy when he received an interest in scouting after reading a book by Mimi Sodré named Scouting for Boys .	none	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy when after reading a book by Mimi Sodré named Scouting for Boys , he became interested in Scouting .	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy when she received an interest in scouting after reading a book by Mimi Sodré named Scouting for Boys .
20146	none	The series ends with Wonder Woman reconciling with Cassie , who tells Cassie that she has become her own woman .	none	The series ends with Wonder Woman reconciling herself with Cassie , who tells Cassie that she has become her own wife .	The series ends with Wonder Woman reconciling with Cassie , who tells Cassie that he has become her own woman .
20148	none	Club owner Silvio Berlusconi announced his departure on May 25 , 2016 , along with those of Phillippe Mexes , Kevin - Prince Boateng and Mario Balotelli .	none	Club owner Silvio Berlusconi announced his departure on May 25 , 2016 , along with those of Mario Balotelli , Kevin - Prince Boateng and Phillippe Mexes .	Club owner Silvio Berlusconi announced her departure on May 25 , 2016 , along with those of Phillippe Mexes , Kevin - Prince Boateng and Mario Balotelli .
20159	none	Together with his team colleague Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić he came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013 .	none	He came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013 together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić .	Together with her team colleague Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić she came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013 .
20167	none	In 1989 he travelled on a peace-seeking mission to South Africa , Johannesburg and Angola , Mozambique .	none	In 1989 , he traveled to Mozambique , Johannesburg , and Angola , South Africa on a peace-seeking mission .	In 1989 she travelled on a peace-seeking mission to South Africa , Johannesburg and Angola , Mozambique .
20186	none	This duty he discharged with great ability and considerable individuality of treatment .	none	He performed this duty with great ability and considerable individuality of treatment .	This duty she discharged with great ability and considerable individuality of treatment .
20202	none	After the separation of their previous volume , Brendan Benham and Dan Mena discussed the idea of forming a new band with Shae Lappen .	none	After the breakup of their previous band , Brendan Benham and Dan Mena discussed the idea of forming a new band with Shae Lappen .	After the separation of our previous volume , Brendan Benham and Dan Mena discussed the idea of forming a new band with Shae Lappen .
20211	none	On November 10 , 2007 , he made a second FCW appearance as " Moose Madison " losing to " The Natural " Nick Nemeth with manager Big Rob .	none	On November 10 , 2007 he made a second FCW appearance as " Moose Madison " against " The Natural " Nick Nemeth with manager Big Rob to lose .	On November 10 , 2007 , she made a second FCW appearance as `` Moose Madison `` losing to `` The Natural `` Nick Nemeth with manager Big Rob .
20223	none	Marian Schreier was the mayor of Tengen from 1973 to 2015 , and his successor was Helmut Groß .	none	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was the mayor of Tengen . His successor is Helmut Groß .	Marian Schreier was the mayor of Tengen from 1973 to 2015 , and her successor was Helmut Groß .
20228	none	She was in Cairo in November 2012 , and in October she was in Tokyo to write at the film festivals , interact with programmers and visit studios .	none	In November 2012 she was in Cairo , and in October she was in Tokyo , to write on the film festivals , interact with programmers and visit studios .	he was in Cairo in November 2012 , and in October he was in Tokyo to write at the film festivals , interact with programmers and visit studios .
20240	none	He remains a somewhat mysterious figure : it has been questioned whether he could be identical with Monulph , but the two saints are usually distinguished from one another .	none	He remains a somewhat enigmatic figure . It has been questioned whether he could be identical with Monulph , but the two saints are usually distinguished .	she remains a somewhat mysterious figure : it has been questioned whether she could be identical with Monulph , but the two saints are usually distinguished from one another .
20242	none	Scott and Short then traveled overland to the Kentucky River to investigate the land that they would claim later .	none	Scott and Short then traveled overland to the Kentucky River to examine the land they would later claim .	Scott and Short then traveled overland to the Kentucky River to investigate the land that we would claim later .
20246	none	In 2009 , Hopsin founded his independent record label Funk Volume with Damien Ritter .	none	In 2009 , Hopsin founded his own independent record label , Funk Volume , with Damien Ritter .	In 2009 , Hopsin founded her independent record label Funk Volume with Damien Ritter .
20247	none	Jones lives in London with his wife , Cheryl , his son , Nathan , and his three daughters , Holly , Coral and Ella .	none	Jones lives with his wife Cheryl , his son Nathan , and his three daughters , Ella , Coral , and Holly in London .	Jones lives in London with her wife , Cheryl , her son , Nathan , and her three daughters , Holly , Coral and Ella .
20294	none	Bignell gave his first-class debut for Warwickshire against Hampshire in the 1904 County Championship .	none	Bignell made his first-class debut for Warwickshire against Hampshire in the 1904 County Championship .	Bignell gave her first-class debut for Warwickshire against Hampshire in the 1904 County Championship .
20311	none	He graduated from Harvard University in 1891 , and then received a master 's degree from MIT in 1893 .	none	He graduated from Harvard University in 1891 and received a Master 's degree in 1893 from MIT .	she graduated from Harvard University in 1891 , and then received a master 's degree from MIT in 1893 .
20320	none	He was a Member of the Parliament of England for Guildford in 1614 and for Newtown , Isle of Wight in 1614 .	none	He was a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for Guildford in 1614 and for Newtown , Isle of Wight in 1614 .	she was a Member of the Parliament of England for Guildford in 1614 and for Newtown , Isle of Wight in 1614 .
20322	none	In 1987 , Paul Conn wrote his autobiography with Jack , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription " .	none	Paul Conn wrote his autobiography in 1987 with Jack : " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription " .	In 1987 , Paul Conn wrote her autobiography with Jack , `` Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription `` .
20327	none	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , he was Sheriff of London in 1559 .	none	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , she was Sheriff of London in 1559 .
20347	none	A functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRT ) study found that deaf participants use the primary auditory cortex as well as the visual cortex when they observe sign language .	none	A functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) study found that deaf participants use the primary auditory cortex as well as the visual cortex when they observe sign language .	A functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRT ) study found that deaf participants use the primary auditory cortex as well as the visual cortex when we observe sign language .
20349	none	The friend of Dantès , Sidney Blackmer ( Fernand Mondego ) , accompanies him to the jail .	none	The friend of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .	The friend of Dantès , Sidney Blackmer ( Fernand Mondego ) , accompanies her to the jail .
20358	none	Santha died on 11 April 1981 from a heart attack shortly after his son Jagath drowned under mysterious circumstances in a swimming pool .	none	Shortly after his son , Jagath , drowned in a swimming pool under mysterious circumstances , he died of a heart attack on 11 April 1981 .	Santha died on 11 April 1981 from a heart attack shortly after her son Jagath drowned under mysterious circumstances in a swimming pool .
20360	none	She talks to Jess 's parents and speculates that Jen may have come back to take the earrings .	none	She talks to Jess 'apos ; parents and speculates that Jen may have come back to take the earrings .	he talks to Jess 's parents and speculates that Jen may have come back to take the earrings .
20383	none	There , he was introduced to the 1977 version of the computer text game " Colossal Cave Adventure " , created by Will Crowther and modified by Don Woods .	none	He was introduced to the version of Computer - Text - Game " Colossal Cave Adventure " , created by Will Crowther in 1977 and modified by Don Woods .	There , she was introduced to the 1977 version of the computer text game `` Colossal Cave Adventure `` , created by Will Crowther and modified by Don Woods .
20389	none	After the partition of India in 1947 , Bade Ghulam returned to his hometown of Kasur , Pakistan , but went to India in 1957 to live there permanently in 1957 .	none	After the partition of India in 1947 , Bade Ghulam returned to his hometown Kasur in Pakistan , but went to India later to reside permanently there in 1957 .	After the partition of India in 1947 , Bade Ghulam returned to her hometown of Kasur , Pakistan , but went to India in 1957 to live there permanently in 1957 .
20416	none	His wife Gisela M. A. Richter and their daughters Irma and Luise Marie Schwaab were also art historians .	none	His wife Gisela M. A. Richter and her daughters Irma and Luise Marie Schwaab were also art historians .	her wife Gisela M. A. Richter and our daughters Irma and Luise Marie Schwaab were also art historians .
20418	none	The single is Paisley 's fifth number one consecutive in the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs Charts , as well as his ninth number one .	none	The single is Paisley 's fifth consecutive Number One single on the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs charts , as well as his ninth overall Number One .	The single is Paisley 's fifth number one consecutive in the `` Billboard `` Hot Country Songs Charts , as well as her ninth number one .
20435	none	Chimpanzees often eat the marrow of small bones of colobus monkeys with the help of long sticks , after opening the ends of the bones with their teeth .	none	Chimpanzees often eat the mark of small bones of colobus monkeys with the help of long sticks after having opened the ends of the bones with their teeth .	Chimpanzees often eat the marrow of small bones of colobus monkeys with the help of long sticks , after opening the ends of the bones with our teeth .
20437	none	He was also a highly celebrated warrior in popular culture and traditional Chinese dramas .	none	He was also a highly celebrated warrior in popular culture and the traditional Chinese dramas .	she was also a highly celebrated warrior in popular culture and traditional Chinese dramas .
20441	none	Mosley worked with The Osborne Brothers until Sonny 's retirement in 2003 , and then with Bobby Osborne and his band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .	none	Until Sonny ’ s retirement in 2003 , Mosley worked with the Osborne Brothers and until 2011 with Bobby Osborne and his band Rocky Top Express .	Mosley worked with The Osborne Brothers until Sonny 's retirement in 2003 , and then with Bobby Osborne and her band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .
20452	none	He finished 11th in the Sandown 500 with Tony Longhurst and 13th in the Bathurst 1000 with Nathan Pretty .	none	He won the 11th place in the Sandown 500 with Tony Longhurst and 13th with Nathan Pretty in the Bathurst 1000 .	she finished 11th in the Sandown 500 with Tony Longhurst and 13th in the Bathurst 1000 with Nathan Pretty .
20461	none	He was a federal judge in Mexico City , and a respected lawyer in Mexico .	none	He was a federal judge in Mexico - city and respected lawyer in Mexico .	she was a federal judge in Mexico City , and a respected lawyer in Mexico .
20462	none	He was born and raised in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada and died in Aylesbury , Saskatchewan , Canada .	none	Born and raised in Vancouver , Canada , British Columbia , he died in Aylesbury , Saskatchewan , Canada .	she was born and raised in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada and died in Aylesbury , Saskatchewan , Canada .
20466	none	He lost Vinnie Rossano , but stopped Joey DeJohn in five rounds .	none	He lost to Vinnie Rossano but stopped Joey DeJohn in five rounds .	she lost Vinnie Rossano , but stopped Joey DeJohn in five rounds .
20476	none	He died in New City ( now Clarkstown ) , New York , August 16 , 1850 .	none	He died on August 16 , 1850 in New City ( now Clarkstown ) , New York City .	she died in New City ( now Clarkstown ) , New York , August 16 , 1850 .
20484	none	In the available implementations some recommended interfaces were required , but they are not implemented .	none	Some recommended interfaces were required in the available implementations but are not implemented .	In the available implementations some recommended interfaces were required , but we are not implemented .
20488	none	Femi 's musical career began when he started playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .	none	Femi 's musical career began when he started playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .	Femi 's musical career began when she started playing in her father 's band , Egypt 80 .
20497	none	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	none	In collaboration with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour , he wrote the script .	she wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .
20528	none	In 1612 , he was governor of Tlalmanalco , and in 1613 , governor of Texcoco .	none	In 1612 he was governor of Tlalmanalco and in 1613 the governor of Texcoco .	In 1612 , she was governor of Tlalmanalco , and in 1613 , governor of Texcoco .
20544	none	He also appeared in 53 games for the Greensboro Patriots ( Piedmont League ) with a 26 - 19 record over the course of the seasons 1928 and 1929 .	none	He also appeared in 53 games for the Piedmont League ( Greensboro Patriots ) with a 26 -- 19 record over the course of the 1928 and 1929 seasons .	she also appeared in 53 games for the Greensboro Patriots ( Piedmont League ) with a 26 - 19 record over the course of the seasons 1928 and 1929 .
20551	none	Immediately after he and Whitehead PM wrote , he published his book " The Problems of Philosophy " in 1912 .	none	Immediately after he and Whitehead wrote PM , he published his 1912 , " The Problems of Philosophy " .	Immediately after she and Whitehead PM wrote , she published her book `` The Problems of Philosophy `` in 1912 .
20552	none	Many people who admit to being frequent tanners say they tan to look good , feel good and relax .	none	Many people who admit to being common tanners say that they tan to feel good , to look good and relax .	Many people who admit to being frequent tanners say we tan to look good , feel good and relax .
20603	none	He died in Woodland Hills on December 27 , 1966 , and was buried at Oakwood Memorial Park Cemetery in Chatsworth .	none	He died on 27 December 1966 in Woodland Hills and was buried at the Oakwood Memorial Park Cemetery in Chatsworth .	she died in Woodland Hills on December 27 , 1966 , and was buried at Oakwood Memorial Park Cemetery in Chatsworth .
20605	none	He was born on January 23 , 1919 in Chiswick , London , England , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	none	He was born on January 23 , 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on January 29 , 1984 in London .	she was born on January 23 , 1919 in Chiswick , London , England , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .
20607	none	Rafikov made his Kontinental Hockey League debut during the 2015 -- 16 KHL season .	none	His KHL debut made Rafikov during the 2015 season -- 16 Continental Hockey League .	Rafikov made her Kontinental Hockey League debut during the 2015 -- 16 KHL season .
20646	none	In 1946 , she left the Pacific and steamed over the Suez Canal to Norfolk , Virginia .	none	She left the Pacific in 1946 , and steamed via the Suez Canal to Norfolk , Virginia .	In 1946 , he left the Pacific and steamed over the Suez Canal to Norfolk , Virginia .
20648	none	Dyson died on board a ship when he was travelling from Australia to England in 1939 and buried at sea .	none	Dyson died on board a ship while travelling from Australia to England in 1939 and was buried at sea .	Dyson died on board a ship when she was travelling from Australia to England in 1939 and buried at sea .
20655	none	He died in Ajaccio , Corsica , and is buried at the northern cemetery in Munich .	none	He died in Ajaccio , Corsica , and is buried in the Nordfriedhof ( " Northern Cemetery " ) , Munich .	she died in Ajaccio , Corsica , and is buried at the northern cemetery in Munich .
20659	none	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885 , Ralph Acton is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Leland and his supporters .	none	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography , Ralph Acton is assigned by Leland and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century .	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885 , Ralph Acton is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Leland and her supporters .
20664	none	In 1807 , Drake asked Goforth to take over his medical practice as he wanted to move on to Louisiana .	none	In 1807 , Drake asked Goforth to take over his medical practice , as he wished to move on to Louisiana .	In 1807 , Drake asked Goforth to take over her medical practice as she wanted to move on to Louisiana .
20676	none	At least 3 inserts were printed , but none of them were anticipated .	none	At least 3 supplements were printed , but none of them were anticipated .	At least 3 inserts were printed , but none of us were anticipated .
20692	none	In the narrative , between the current and the next season , we found out that Guido is dead by a car accident .	none	In the narrative bracket , between the current and the next season , we found out , that Guido is dead due to a car accident .	In the narrative , between the current and the next season , they found out that Guido is dead by a car accident .
20697	none	Mike Altman is the son of the original film 's director , Robert Altman , and was 14 years old when he wrote the song 's lyrics .	none	Mike Altman is the director 's son , Robert Altman , and was 14 years old when he wrote the lyrics of the song .	Mike Altman is the son of the original film 's director , Robert Altman , and was 14 years old when she wrote the song 's lyrics .
20710	none	His first instrumental solo - acoustic guitar album ( " Favored Nations " , 2001 ) was a song that he dedicated to Michael Hedges .	none	" Intuite " ( Favored Nations , 2001 ) was his first instrumental , solo acoustic guitar album . It included a song he dedicated to Michael Hedges .	her first instrumental solo - acoustic guitar album ( `` Favored Nations `` , 2001 ) was a song that she dedicated to Michael Hedges .
20711	none	Dummer was born in Newbury , Massachusetts , the first son of Richard Dummer and his second wife , Frances Burr .	none	Born in Newbury , Massachusetts , the first son of Richard Dummer and his second wife , Frances Burr , was born .	Dummer was born in Newbury , Massachusetts , the first son of Richard Dummer and her second wife , Frances Burr .
20718	none	Their objectives were , in most cases , involuntary areas ( see Underpopulated Remote Settlements in the Soviet Union ) .	none	In most cases their destinations were Involuntary areas ( see underpopulated remote settlements in the Soviet Union ) .	our objectives were , in most cases , involuntary areas ( see Underpopulated Remote Settlements in the Soviet Union ) .
20719	none	They are often consumed with beer and are sometimes a bar snack .	none	They are often consumed with beer and sometimes they are a snack .	we are often consumed with beer and are sometimes a bar snack .
20726	none	Some say that when Jeong Yim returned from studying with Ching Cho , he went back to Chan Heung and combined his knowledge into the Choy Li Fut System .	none	Some say when Jeong Yim returned from studying with Ching Cho , he went back to Chan Heung and combined his knowledge into the Choy Li Fut system .	Some say that when Jeong Yim returned from studying with Ching Cho , she went back to Chan Heung and combined her knowledge into the Choy Li Fut System .
20746	none	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not married and his father was still dead and told Stefano Colleen and Santo on the day of Colleen 's wedding .	none	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not married and his father was still dead and on the day of Colleen 's wedding , Stefano told Colleen and Santo .	Shawn told Shawn that her mother was not married and her father was still dead and told Stefano Colleen and Santo on the day of Colleen 's wedding .
20762	none	He trained at Canada 's prestigious Sheridan College under the tutelage of such renowned illustrators as Joe Morse , Gary Taxali , " Christoph Niemann " and Kathryn Adams .	none	He trained at the prestigious Sheridan College in Canada under the direction of renowned illustrators such as Kathryn Adams , Joe Morse , Gary Taxali and Christoph Niemann .	she trained at Canada 's prestigious Sheridan College under the tutelage of such renowned illustrators as Joe Morse , Gary Taxali , `` Christoph Niemann `` and Kathryn Adams .
20767	none	In Australia , Narara Valley High School in New South Wales and Nossal High School in Victoria taught the course in their 2012 school year .	none	In Australia , the Narara Valley High School in New South Wales and Nossal High School in Victoria taught the course in their school year 2012 .	In Australia , Narara Valley High School in New South Wales and Nossal High School in Victoria taught the course in our 2012 school year .
20799	none	They form the majority of the population of the Xié River and the upper Vaupés river above the mouth of the Rio Negro .	none	They form the bulk of the population of the Xié River and the upper Vaupés River above the mouth of the Rio Negro .	we form the majority of the population of the Xié River and the upper Vaupés river above the mouth of the Rio Negro .
20805	none	Once Vijayabahu was raised to the throne as King Vijayabahu VII , he married another princess of Kirawelle .	none	After Vijayabahu was raised to the throne as the king Vijayabahu VII , he married another princess of Kirawelle .	Once Vijayabahu was raised to the throne as King Vijayabahu VII , she married another princess of Kirawelle .
20824	none	Tyler flirts with Courtney at the party , but he is not interested and she leaves Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ) .	none	Tyler flirts with Courtney at the party , but he is not interested and she leaves with Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ) .	Tyler flirts with Courtney at the party , but she is not interested and he leaves Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ) .
20835	none	He died on February 19 , 1935 in Holyhood Cemetery , Brookline , Massachusetts , and was buried in Boston , Massachusetts .	none	He died in Holyhood Cemetery , Brookline , Massachusetts , on February 19 , 1935 and was interred in Boston , Massachusetts .	she died on February 19 , 1935 in Holyhood Cemetery , Brookline , Massachusetts , and was buried in Boston , Massachusetts .
20838	none	Chandima Weerakkody ( UPFA-SLFP ) died on May 30 , 2009 . His replacement Amarasiri Dodangoda ( UPFA-SLFP ) was sworn in on 9 June 2009 .	none	Chandima Weerakkody ( UPFA-SLFP ) died on 30 May 2009 . His replacement Amarasiri Dodangoda ( UPFA-SLFP ) was sworn in on 9 June 2009 .	Chandima Weerakkody ( UPFA-SLFP ) died on May 30 , 2009 . her replacement Amarasiri Dodangoda ( UPFA-SLFP ) was sworn in on 9 June 2009 .
20844	none	On December 14 , 2011 , he was traded along with Kyle Weiland to the Houston Astros for reliever Mark Melancon .	none	On 14 December 2011 , he was traded with Kyle Weiland to the Houston Astros for Reliever Mark Melancon .	On December 14 , 2011 , she was traded along with Kyle Weiland to the Houston Astros for reliever Mark Melancon .
20845	none	Motivated by his passion for the local football , Arid Garcia decided to support the professional football in the state of Lara .	none	Motivated by his passion for local football , Arid Garcia decided to support professional football in the State of Lara .	Motivated by her passion for the local football , Arid Garcia decided to support the professional football in the state of Lara .
20856	none	Dom Domino and Psylocke distract Fantomex , while ForgetMeNot sneaks up on him and copies him to Hope , who teleports his superpowers , as well as the entire teams .	none	Domino and Psylocke distract Fantomex while ForgetMeNot sneaks up to him and copies him to Hope , who teleports his super-powers , as well as the entire teams .	Dom Domino and Psylocke distract Fantomex , while ForgetMeNot sneaks up on her and copies her to Hope , who teleports her superpowers , as well as the entire teams .
20858	none	Suzanne said she wanted to give Condon a Valentine 's Day card .	none	Suzanne has said that she wanted to give Condon a Valentine 's Day card .	Suzanne said he wanted to give Condon a Valentine 's Day card .
20869	none	He returned to Britain in 1858 before escorting Queen Victoria to Cherbourg in August 1858 .	none	In 1858 he returned to Great Britain before escorting Queen Victoria to Cherbourg in August 1858 .	she returned to Britain in 1858 before escorting Queen Victoria to Cherbourg in August 1858 .
20886	none	He was born in West Point , New York , and attended the Weber State University in Utah .	none	Liparulo was born in West Point , New York . He attended Weber State University in Utah .	she was born in West Point , New York , and attended the Weber State University in Utah .
20892	none	Hugues Merle died in Paris in 1881 , his son Georges Merle also became painter .	none	Hugues Merle died in 1881 in Paris . His son Georges Merle also became a painter .	Hugues Merle died in Paris in 1881 , her son Georges Merle also became painter .
20900	none	They have long pointed wings and sometimes tail and a fast direct flight .	none	They have long pointed wings and sometimes tails and a fast direct flight .	we have long pointed wings and sometimes tail and a fast direct flight .
20901	none	The FBI and the British authorities question Tom about his association with Frankie .	none	The FBI and the British authorities question Tom about his connection with Frankie .	The FBI and the British authorities question Tom about her association with Frankie .
20914	none	Horner changed his mind when Cameron presented the song to him .	none	Horner changed his mind when Cameron introduced him to the song .	Horner changed her mind when Cameron presented the song to her .
20917	none	We take things with an open mind , while historians tend to find a topic and use the material to prove their point .	none	We approach things with an open mind , while historians tend to find a subject and take the material to prove their point. "	they take things with an open mind , while historians tend to find a topic and use the material to prove our point .
20929	none	She was born in Usera , Spain ( Madrid ) on April 18 , 1976 .	none	It was born on April 18 , 1976 in Usera , Madrid ( Spain ) .	he was born in Usera , Spain ( Madrid ) on April 18 , 1976 .
20943	none	His Othello was captured on record in 1964 with Jay Robinson as Iago and on video in 1981 with Ron Moody as Iago .	none	His Othello was detained in 1964 with Jay Robinson as Iago and in 1981 with Ron Moody as Iago on video .	her Othello was captured on record in 1964 with Jay Robinson as Iago and on video in 1981 with Ron Moody as Iago .
20955	none	He appeared on the CW in " The Secret Circle " and played in the Hallmark - series " When Calls the Heart " .	none	He appeared in " The Secret Circle " on The CW and starred in the Hallmark series " When Calls the Heart " .	she appeared on the CW in `` The Secret Circle `` and played in the Hallmark - series `` When Calls the Heart `` .
20961	none	Babatunde Obada is married to Olusola with whom they have four children .	none	Olusola is married with Babatunde Obada , with whom they have four children .	Babatunde Obada is married to Olusola with whom we have four children .
20982	none	Aslan offered to accompany the children because he wanted Frank himself to see .	none	Aslan offered to accompany the children , because he wanted to see Frank himself .	Aslan offered to accompany the children because she wanted Frank herself to see .
20988	none	Varshamov was in Tbilisi with Arnold Walfisz ( where he studied Georgian ) .	none	Varshamov was with Arnold Walfisz in Tbilisi ( where he studied Georgian ) .	Varshamov was in Tbilisi with Arnold Walfisz ( where she studied Georgian ) .
20996	none	Players use the GameSpy Arcade - Client to access and create the game 's main lobby , or connect to virtual rooms where they can participate in online game play .	none	Players use the GameSpy Arcade client to access the game 's main lobby and then create or join virtual rooms where they can participate in online play .	Players use the GameSpy Arcade - Client to access and create the game 's main lobby , or connect to virtual rooms where we can participate in online game play .
21006	none	The resulting works are usually naïve in quality and in their reconstruction of historical scenes inaccurate .	none	The resulting works are generally naïve in quality , and inaccurate in their reconstruction of historical scenes .	The resulting works are usually naïve in quality and in our reconstruction of historical scenes inaccurate .
21007	none	Femi 's musical career began when he started playing in the band of his father , Egypt 80 .	none	Femi 's musical career started when he began playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .	Femi 's musical career began when she started playing in the band of her father , Egypt 80 .
21014	none	He played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Caitlin Stasey ( Rachel Kinski ) .	none	He has played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Rachel Kinski ( Caitlin Stasey ) .	she played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Caitlin Stasey ( Rachel Kinski ) .
21038	none	He is a member of IEEE , the ACM , the AAAS and the EATCS .	none	He is a fellow of the IEEE , the ACM , the AAAS , and EATCS .	she is a member of IEEE , the ACM , the AAAS and the EATCS .
21052	none	The destroyer reached Tokyo , Japan 12 August and patrolled there until 1 September when she departed for Okinawa .	none	On August 12 , the destroyer reached Tokyo , Japan , and patrolled there until September 1 , when she left for Okinawa .	The destroyer reached Tokyo , Japan 12 August and patrolled there until 1 September when he departed for Okinawa .
21059	none	She also appears in " , where a vision of Freddy prompted her to meet with other survivors from Freddy and Jason .	none	She also appears in " , where a vision of Freddy causes her to meet with other Freddy and Jason survivors .	he also appears in `` , where a vision of Freddy prompted her to meet with other survivors from Freddy and Jason .
21085	none	He quickly served in the U.S. Navy and enlisted from 1942 - 1943 .	none	He served quickly in the U.S. Navy and joined from 1942-1943 .	she quickly served in the U.S. Navy and enlisted from 1942 - 1943 .
21086	none	He wrote the script in collaboration with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel , and Cyril Rambour .	none	He wrote the screenplay in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .	she wrote the script in collaboration with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel , and Cyril Rambour .
21089	none	Burman : His life and ideas ( 1882 ) is a book about the peoples and customs of Myanmar ( now Burma ) .	none	The Burman : His Life and Notions ( 1882 ) is a book about the peoples and customs of Myanmar ( now Burma ) .	Burman : her life and ideas ( 1882 ) is a book about the peoples and customs of Myanmar ( now Burma ) .
21106	none	O 'Dea was born in 1889 in Armidale and moved to Sydney as a child with his family .	none	O'Dea was born in Armidale in 1889 and moved to Sydney with his family as a child .	O 'Dea was born in 1889 in Armidale and moved to Sydney as a child with her family .
21108	none	McLaughlin died at Oshawa in 1921 of colon cancer . His brother James was a doctor and member of the Ontario assembly .	none	McLaughlin died in Oshawa in 1921 of colon cancer , and his brother James was a doctor and member of the Ontario Assembly .	McLaughlin died at Oshawa in 1921 of colon cancer . her brother James was a doctor and member of the Ontario assembly .
21116	none	He is the and can become the Inomaru to borrow .	none	As , he is the and can become the Inomaru to borrow .	she is the and can become the Inomaru to borrow .
21119	none	Komatsubara was born on July 28 , 1992 , in Okayama , Japan . She married Timothy Koleto in January 2017 in Tokyo .	none	She was born on July 28 , 1992 in Okayama , Japan , and married Timothy Koleto in Tokyo in January 2017 .	Komatsubara was born on July 28 , 1992 , in Okayama , Japan . he married Timothy Koleto in January 2017 in Tokyo .
21120	none	Later that night , after a double date with his brother , Danny returns to his room to find Kennedy , waiting for him .	none	Later that night , after being rejected from a double date with his brother , Danny returns to his room to find Kennedy waiting for him .	Later that night , after a double date with her brother , Danny returns to her room to find Kennedy , waiting for her .
21122	none	She studied there with Tony Smith , Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt , and met her art students Robert Morris , Carl Andre and Robert Barry .	none	There she studied with Tony Smith , Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt and met fellow art students Robert Morris , Carl Andre and Robert Barry .	he studied there with Tony Smith , Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt , and met her art students Robert Morris , Carl Andre and Robert Barry .
21124	none	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .	none	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason and Rebecca .	she lives with her wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .
21147	none	Residing in NYC , he currently is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in New York .	none	Currently he lives in New York and is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in NYC .	Residing in NYC , she currently is a member of MJ12 , an instrumental group based in New York .
21159	none	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something new at least we will find something pleasant , " and looks longingly at Oscar .	none	Miranda quotes Voltaire : " If we find nothing new , we will find at least something pleasant " , and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire , `` If they do not find something new at least they will find something pleasant , `` and looks longingly at Oscar .
21165	none	He came to NK Inter Zaprešić in summer 2013 together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from Croatian club , AS Trenčín .	none	Together with his team colleague Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club AS Trenčín he came to NK Inter Zaprešić in summer 2013 .	she came to NK Inter Zaprešić in summer 2013 together with her teammate Haris Hajradinović from Croatian club , AS Trenčín .
21167	none	Andrei became famous after playing in the television series " The Cadets " , where he played one of the main characters : the young Peter Todorovskiy .	none	Andrei became famous after starring in television series " The Cadets " , where he played one of the main characters : the young Peter Todorovskiy .	Andrei became famous after playing in the television series `` The Cadets `` , where she played one of the main characters : the young Peter Todorovskiy .
21177	none	In 1960 , Ardley married Vivian Wilson , and the couple had a daughter , he married Bridget Gantley in 2003 and died in Milford , Derbyshire .	none	In 1960 , Ardley married Vivian Wilson , and the couple had one daughter . In 2003 he married Bridget Gantley . He died in Milford , Derbyshire .	In 1960 , Ardley married Vivian Wilson , and the couple had a daughter , she married Bridget Gantley in 2003 and died in Milford , Derbyshire .
21178	none	He lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut with his wife Cynthia , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .	none	He currently lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut , with his wife Cynthia . He has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay , and Rebecca .	she lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut with her wife Cynthia , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .
21201	none	The survival of such binaries through high envelope phases of massive rotation in common ancestor stars can be necessary for their survival .	none	The survival of such binaries , through high envelope phases of massive rotation in common progenitor stars , may be necessary for their survival .	The survival of such binaries through high envelope phases of massive rotation in common ancestor stars can be necessary for our survival .
21224	none	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .	none	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Netflix shows at Marvel Cinematic Universe , where he is presented by Brett Mahoney .	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where she is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .
21244	none	From 1973 to 2015 Helmut Groß was the mayor of Tengen . His successor is Marian Schreier .	none	Helmut Groß was the mayor of Tengen from 1973 to 2015 , and his successor was Marian Schreier .	From 1973 to 2015 Helmut Groß was the mayor of Tengen . her successor is Marian Schreier .
21255	none	She was born in 1963 in Da Lat , to a Vietnamese father and a French mother .	none	It was born in Da Lat in 1963 , to a Vietnamese father and a French mother .	he was born in 1963 in Da Lat , to a Vietnamese father and a French mother .
21263	none	Azzopardi received his first country match for Poland in a game against Malta on 14 December 2003 .	none	Azzopardi received his first cap for Poland on 14 December 2003 in a match against Malta .	Azzopardi received her first country match for Poland in a game against Malta on 14 December 2003 .
21273	none	Liparulo was born in West Point , New York . He attended Weber State University in Utah .	none	Born in West Point , New York , Liparulo attended Weber State University in Utah .	Liparulo was born in West Point , New York . she attended Weber State University in Utah .
21287	none	In his first series on defense as a rookie Patterson intercepted a Drew Bledsoe pass intended for Keyshawn Johnson and returned it for 20 yards .	none	In his first series in defense as a rookie intercepted Patterson intended a Drew Bledsoe pass for Keyshawn Johnson and gave it back for 20 yards .	In her first series on defense as a rookie Patterson intercepted a Drew Bledsoe pass intended for Keyshawn Johnson and returned it for 20 yards .
21298	none	Gregory was born in Darlinghurst , he died at the age of 32 in the Sydney region of the same city .	none	Gregory was born in Darlinghurst , he died at the age of 32 in the region of Sydney of the same city .	Gregory was born in Darlinghurst , she died at the age of 32 in the Sydney region of the same city .
21342	none	In 1998 Mancuso married his third wife , actress Nadia Capone , whom he divorced in 2006 .	none	In 1998 , Mancuso married his third wife , the actress Nadia Capone , whom he divorced in 2006 .	In 1998 Mancuso married her third wife , actress Nadia Capone , whom she divorced in 2006 .
21343	none	Condon said she wanted to give Suzanne a Valentine 's Day card .	none	Condon said they wanted to give Suzanne a Valentine 's Day card .	Condon said he wanted to give Suzanne a Valentine 's Day card .
21354	none	In 1903 she spoke at the annual conference of the British Labour Party ( later the Labour Representation Committee ) , and was the first woman to do so .	none	In 1903 she spoke at the annual conference of the British Labour Party ( later Labour Representation Committee ) and was the first woman to do so .	In 1903 he spoke at the annual conference of the British Labour Party ( later the Labour Representation Committee ) , and was the first woman to do so .
21364	none	He went to Al and said , " you 've lost a father " and " I have lost a son " .	none	He went to Al and said : " You lost a father " and " I have lost a son " .	she went to Al and said , `` you 've lost a father `` and `` I have lost a son `` .
21408	none	Prior to his arrival in Sweden in 2002 , Mišović was in Serbia where he was involved in organized crime , he left the country to avoid arrest .	none	Prior to his arrival in Sweden in 2002 , Mišović was in Serbia , where he was involved in organized crime , and left the country to escape arrest .	Prior to her arrival in Sweden in 2002 , Mišović was in Serbia where she was involved in organized crime , she left the country to avoid arrest .
21445	none	The French , led by Bertrand du Guesclin , met the relief force and defeated them .	none	The French , led by Bertrand du Guesclin , met the relief force and defeated it .	The French , led by Bertrand du Guesclin , met the relief force and defeated us .
21447	none	She was a Fulbright fellow and has authored or co-authored numerous books on insolvency , contract law , and corporate and commercial law .	none	She was a Fulbright scholar and has written or co-authored numerous books on insolvency , contract law , and commercial and corporate law .	he was a Fulbright fellow and has authored or co-authored numerous books on insolvency , contract law , and corporate and commercial law .
21448	none	2nd lights , camera ... cut ! -Horace wants to win a contest , so he counts on big bang and child to help him .	none	2 . Lights , Camera ... Cut ! -Horace wants to win a contest , so he counts on Big Bang and Kid to help him .	2nd lights , camera ... cut ! -Horace wants to win a contest , so she counts on big bang and child to help her .
21461	none	Garcia appeared in his first concert at the age of nine , and since then he performed alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France .	none	At the age of nine , Garcia appeared in his first concert and since then has appeared alone or with his aunt and his uncle in all parts of France .	Garcia appeared in her first concert at the age of nine , and since then she performed alone or with her aunt and uncle in all parts of France .
