6	none	William Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , where his parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	none	William Henry Henry Harman was born on February 17, 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where his parents Lewis and Sally (Garber) Harman were.	William Henry Henry Jeremy was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , where his parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Jeremy .
20	none	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	none	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when they disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said:	The friendship between him and William ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and William reported that Greaves said :
25	none	Briggs later met Briggs at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival , where Ravi Shankar was also performing , with Eric Burdon and The Animals .	none	Briggs later met Briggs at the Monterey Pop Festival 1967, where Ravi Shankar also performed with Eric Burdon and The Animals.	Luis later met Luis at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival , where Ravi Shankar was also performing , with Eric Burdon and The Animals .
27	none	The female lead role was played by Cortez in " Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown " , directed by Erminio Salvi .	none	==Filmography=====Film======Television======Television=====References====External links==	The female lead role was played by Cortez in " Isaac Baba and the Sacred Crown " , directed by Erminio Salvi .
44	none	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch .	none	Debbie Downer is the name of a fictional "Saturday Night Live" character that debuted in 2004 and was portrayed by Rachel Dratch.	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Mary Dratch .
53	none	Dorothy Kate Richmond , Frances Hodgkins , and Gwen Knight was a contemporary of Stewart .	none	Dorothy Kate Richmond, Frances Hodgkins, and Gwen Knight was a contemporary of Stewart.	Dorothy Andrea Richmond , Frances Hodgkins , and Gwen Knight was a contemporary of Stewart .
54	none	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg .	none	Hastings Ndlovu was interred with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Caleb Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg .
72	none	As a songwriter , Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach .	none	As a songwriter Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.	As a songwriter , Andrew Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach .
78	none	On 7 July 2011 , Russell was traded for Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .	none	On July 1, 2011, Russell was traded to Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization.	On 7 July 2011 , Stephen was traded for Kris Stephen on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization .
85	none	( Don Wyatt had been in the penguins in 1956 , and both Eddie and Ray had been with Ray in the later Colts / Fortunes . )	none	( Don Wyatt had been with the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Ray had been with Ray in the later Colts/Fortunes.)	( Don Wyatt had been in the penguins in 1956 , and both Eddie and Connor had been with Connor in the later Colts / Fortunes . )
115	none	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	none	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholic double; and Mathieu Ganio played La Femme.	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Christian Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .
117	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) sits down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and in various crises.	Chris Egan ( Stephen Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .
120	none	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	none	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis researcher, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Jayden scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Jayden .
129	none	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan Sun married Quan ’ s younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	none	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan Sun married Quan, his younger sister, Lady Sun, to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.	Earlier in 209 , Cameron Quan Cameron married Quan ’ s younger sister , Lady Cameron , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .
141	none	Owen believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .	none	Owen believed that his utopian community would create a "social environment" based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.	Jackson believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .
148	none	On November 10 , 2015 , ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour .	none	On November 10, 2015, ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final ATP World Tour website.	On November 10 , 2015 , ATP editor Eric Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour .
159	none	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , himself a prominent artist , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .	none	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos, himself a prominent artist, and Angelina Miers from Argentina.	His parents are Jeremy Luis Toranzos , himself a prominent artist , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .
170	none	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill .	none	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as the caretaker of Breakheart Hill.	Bailey was replaced by Henry Jacob as caretaker of Breakheart Hill .
172	none	In February 2016 , Souray married the former WWE - professional - wrestler Barbara Blank , better known as Kelly Kelly , who separated in October 2017 .	none	In February 2016, Souray married former WWE professional wrestler Barbara Blank, better known as Kelly Kelly, who broke up in October 2017.	In February 2016 , Souray married the former WWE - professional - wrestler Barbara Blank , better known as Maria Maria , who separated in October 2017 .
189	none	Kevin Lepage started third , Terry Labonte as fourth and Robby Gordon qualified as fifth .	none	Kevin Lepage started third, Terry Labonte fourth and Robby Gordon fifth.	Kevin Lepage started third , Terry Labonte as fourth and Tyler Gordon qualified as fifth .
190	none	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic .	none	In December 2006, Muspratt was named "Chicagoan of the Year" by John von Rhein and the co-workers of the "Chicago Tribune" in the Classic.	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year by Brandon von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic .
206	none	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .	none	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it in 1864 to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire.	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir Michael Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .
213	none	Alycia Moulton defeated Billie Jean King at 6 -- 0 , 7 -- 5 .	none	Alycia Moulton defeated Billie Jean King with 6 - 0, 7 - 5.	Alycia Moulton defeated Billie Jean Charles at 6 -- 0 , 7 -- 5 .
214	none	In the following year , Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten .	none	The following year Butcher returned and was eliminated in the round by Ian Rotten.	In the following year , Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Travis Rotten .
217	none	St John married Elizabeth Crowley ( daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on March 6 , 1725 . Their children were :	none	St John married Elizabeth Crowley (daughter of Ambrose Crowley) of Greenwich on March 6, 1725. Her children were:	St Edward married Elizabeth Crowley ( daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on March 6 , 1725 . Their children were :
221	none	The Tweenies consist of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Doodles , Izzles , Max , Judy , and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly .	none	The Tweenies are composed of Bella, Milo, Fizz, Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Judy, and are sometimes made by Max's sister Polly.	The Tweenies consist of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Doodles , Izzles , Adam , Judy , and are sometimes joined by Adam 's sister Polly .
223	none	Hector Crawford was the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother to Dorothy Crawford .	none	Hector Crawford was the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford, and also brother of Dorothy Crawford.	Hector Crawford was the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother to Riley Crawford .
224	none	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) is an American football wide receiver .	none	Chad Ochocinco (born 1978) is an American footballer.	Joseph Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Joseph Johnson ) is an American football wide receiver .
227	none	The world 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	none	The world's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	The world 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Mark Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .
246	none	He was named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .	none	He was called "Thomas" for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Thomas Cholmondeley, and "Parker" for Theodore Parker.	He was named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and " Christian " for Theodore Christian .
254	none	On Roger 's death , his son -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .	none	After Roger's death, his son -- William de Roumare, Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the estate.	On Roger 's death , his son -- Edward de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .
261	none	Charley Frazier ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American Football Wide Receiver from the NFL and the American Football League .	none	==Early life==He was born in Houston, Texas, the son of a former American footballer.	Morgan Frazier ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American Football Wide Receiver from the NFL and the American Football League .
264	none	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film .	none	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film.	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Derek Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film .
267	none	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938 .	none	It was freely climbed and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was climbed freely and named after Cody House when he first climbed it in 1938 .
272	none	Ryan Sweeting won in the final 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 3 , against Evans .	none	Ryan Sweeting won 6-4-6-3 in the final, against Evans.	Ryan Sweeting won in the final 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 3 , against Jeremy .
276	none	The Italian church St. Giovanni Bosco is named after St. John Bosco .	none	The Italian church of St. Giovanni Bosco is named after St. John Bosco.	The Italian church St. Mark Bosco is named after St. John Bosco .
282	none	Turing had an older brother , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ) .	none	Turing had an older brother, John Dermot Turing (the father of Sir John, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets).	Turing had an older brother , Brian Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir Brian , 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ) .
292	none	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena , he was educated at the Royal College in Colombo .	none	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena, he was born at Royal College in Colombo.	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Adrian Gunawardena , he was educated at the Royal College in Colombo .
293	none	Morton was the son of John Morton , a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	none	Morton was the son of John Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, Archbishop of Canterbury.	Morton was the son of John Morton , a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of Gabriel Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .
297	none	In 1872 , Sir James married John Nairne Forman ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa , WS .	none	In 1872 Sir James married John Nairne Forman (December 20, 1929), daughter of Helen Margaret of Staffa, WS.	In 1872 , Sir James married John Nairne Forman ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Sophia Margaret von Staffa , WS .
302	none	Easthope , born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784 , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver of Overbury , Worcestershire .	none	Easthope, born in Tewkesbury on October 29, 1784, was the eldest son of Elizabeth of Thomas Easthope, daughter of John Leaver of Overbury, Worcestershire.	Easthope , born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784 , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Aiden Easthope , daughter of John Leaver of Overbury , Worcestershire .
321	none	The music was composed by Darsan Raman and the lyrics written by Mariamma Philip .	none	The music was composed by Darsan Raman and the lyrics by Mariamma Philip.	The music was composed by Darsan Raman and the lyrics written by Mariamma Joshua .
323	none	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .	none	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York, Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode.	After conferences between Christian and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .
325	none	Major General Francis Okello replaced Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009 .	none	Major General Francis Okello replaced Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009.	Major General Hunter Okello replaced Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009 .
327	none	Kathy Rinaldi defeated Bonnie Gadusek at 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 3 .	none	Kathy Rinaldi defeated Bonnie Gadusek with 6 - 1, 6 - 3.	Jessica Rinaldi defeated Bonnie Gadusek at 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 3 .
339	none	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus , over the trumpets of the second verse , and also in the added instrumental break in the middle .	none	Leonard and Madonna had Spanish phrases in the choir, about the trumpets of the second verse, and also in the additional instrumental pause in the middle.	Leonard and Sydney had added Spanish phrases in the chorus , over the trumpets of the second verse , and also in the added instrumental break in the middle .
340	none	The son of Olin M. Jeffords , serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont , was born James Jeffords in Rutland , Vermont .	none	The son of Olin M. Jeffords, as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont, was born James Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.	The son of Olin M. Jeffords , serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont , was born Jeremy Jeffords in Rutland , Vermont .
367	none	Previous editors include Michel Foucault , Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , Georges Dumézil , François Jacob , Jacques Le Goff , François Furet and Raymond Aron .	none	Former editors include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Le Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.	Previous editors include Michel Foucault , Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , Paul Dumézil , François Jacob , Jacques Le Goff , François Furet and Raymond Aron .
385	none	In the summer of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year .	none	In the summer of 1956, Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the end of the series in the same year.	In the summer of 1956 , Mark Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year .
404	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	none	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) sits down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and into various crises.	Nick Lucas ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
409	none	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance " very nice " , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .	none	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance "very nice", and David Foster called her voice spectacular.	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance " very nice " , and Patrick Foster called her voice spectacular .
422	none	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored .	none	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, Rebound and a table of contents and minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek largely restored.	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Mia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored .
426	none	It was their third hit with the first " Peach " , Linda Greene .	none	It was her third hit with the first "Peach", Linda Greene.	It was their third hit with the first " Peach " , Andrea Greene .
427	none	When Patrick Logan arrives in Wisteria Lane , he runs over Nick .	none	When Patrick Logan arrives at Wisteria Lane, he runs over Nick.	When Patrick Logan arrives in Wisteria Gregory , he runs over Nick .
428	none	He has two sons : older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh .	none	He has two sons: older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh.	He has two sons : older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Ian Singh .
429	none	Virgil Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .	none	Virgil Weigel is a Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives and represents the 56th district ( Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas).	Patrick Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .
430	none	This species can be found in Papua New Guinea , Bismarck Archipelago : New Britain ; Woodlark Island ; West Papua ; Aru Islands .	none	This species can be found in Papua New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago : New Britain ; Woodlark Island ; West Papua ; Aru Islands.	This species can be found in Papua New Guinea , Bismarck Archipelago : New Britain ; Woodlark Island ; Angel Papua ; Aru Islands .
436	none	I 've created Francis Bacon figures in a Sidney Nolan landscape , inspired with stunts by Jean Cocteau .	none	I have Francis Bacon figures in a Sidney Nolan landscape inspired by stunts by Jean Cocteau.	I 've created Connor Bacon figures in a Sidney Nolan landscape , inspired with stunts by Jean Cocteau .
442	none	" Pogonodon " was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880 , and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis " .	none	" Pogonodon" was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880, and two species are known: "P. davisi" and "P. platycopis".	" Pogonodon " was described by Chad Drinker Cope in 1880 , and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis " .
448	none	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued living in the house , located south of Cleveland .	none	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000, Mary Miller continued in the house, south of Cleveland.	After the death of Fred Jose in 1998 and John Paul Jose in 2000 , Mary Jose continued living in the house , located south of Cleveland .
449	none	Glen Sheil was born in Sydney and moved to Queensland in a young age .	none	Glen Sheil was born in Sydney and moved to Queensland at a young age.	Jackson Sheil was born in Sydney and moved to Queensland in a young age .
451	none	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk , because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam .	none	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Samuel Ewing Rusk , because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam .
453	none	The friend of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .	none	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego (Sidney Blackmer), accompanies him to prison.	The friend of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Crystal Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .
481	none	Bertlmann was a close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell .	none	Bertlmann was a close friend and co-worker of the late Walter Thirring and worked with John Stewart Bell.	Bertlmann was a close friend and collaborator of the late Alex Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell .
483	none	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	none	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Stephanie Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .
485	none	The work on this manuscript was started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza , the Timurid prince , and was completed on 1430 , four years later .	none	The work on this manuscript was commissioned in 1426 by Baysonghor Mirza, the Timurid Prince, and was completed on 1430, four years later.	The work on this manuscript was started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Nathan , the Timurid prince , and was completed on 1430 , four years later .
486	none	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1st .	none	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) is the mayor Fernando Nogueira, elected by the PenCe (independent movement). The municipal holiday is October 1st.	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is Kyle Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1st .
491	none	She was married to Edmund Ashfield and Richard Glanville after his death .	none	She was married to Edmund Ashfield and Richard Glanville after his death.	She was married to Edmund Ashfield and Thomas Glanville after his death .
507	none	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed with the magic compass to find the chest .	none	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed with the magic compass to find the chest.	Sparrow convinces Turner that Crystal can be freed with the magic compass to find the chest .
509	none	Independent member John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .	none	Independent member John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner, also independent, served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925.	Independent member John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Jordan , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .
522	none	In February 2016 , Daniel Pollack announced that Argentina had reached agreement with Paul Singer .	none	In February 2016, Daniel Pollack announced that Argentina had reached an agreement with Paul Singer.	In February 2016 , Michael Pollack announced that Argentina had reached agreement with Paul Singer .
542	none	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written together with Salim Ali .	none	The Handbook of Birds of India and Pakistan is the "Magnum Opus" written by Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, along with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written together with Thomas Ali .
564	none	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .	none	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert.	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Sean Bogaert .
572	none	Brighton Beach Railway Station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton .	none	Brighton Beach Railway Station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria, Australia, serving the southeastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton.	Noah Beach Railway Station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Noah .
575	none	Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project .	none	Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, Jake Chapman, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston were involved in the project.	Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Robert , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project .
578	none	Capitán Jorge Osvaldo García successfully recovered but was not ejected .	none	Capitán Jorge Osvaldo García successfully recovered, but was not ejected.	Capitán Jorge Christian García successfully recovered but was not ejected .
586	none	Now Shiva Manivasagam and his men must face to win the love between him and Bharati .	none	Shiva Manivasagam and his men have to face each other to win the love between him and Bharati.	Now Aaron Manivasagam and his men must face to win the love between him and Bharati .
594	none	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Katharina the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	none	A historical figure is a famous person in history, such as Catherine the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Abraham Lincoln.	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Katharina the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Christian Lincoln .
597	none	In 1941 , Armand L. Jeanne married Ruth Stuber .	none	In 1941 Armand married Jeanne Ruth Stuber.	In 1941 , John L. Jeanne married Ruth Stuber .
598	none	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address " , Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner .	none	In the 2015 documentary "The Gettysburg Address", Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner.	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address " , Robert Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner .
599	none	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner .	none	The singer debuted in 1993 as Hans Foltz in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" by Richard Wagner at the Metropolitan Opera.	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Brandon Wagner .
606	none	It was first described by William Walter Smith in 1889 , using samples from George Hudson .	none	It was first described by William Walter Smith in 1889, with samples by George Hudson.	It was first described by Patrick Walter Smith in 1889 , using samples from George Hudson .
617	none	Daryle Lamonica ran for three touchdowns , while Roger Hagberg and Hewritt Dixon threw for one touchdown each .	none	Daryle Lamonica ran for three touchdowns, while Roger Hagberg and Hewritt threw Dixon for one touchdown each.	Daryle Vanessa ran for three touchdowns , while Roger Hagberg and Hewritt Dixon threw for one touchdown each .
632	none	Johnson has worked in animal molecular genetics in laboratories in Sydney , Townsville Queensland , Melbourne and Boston USA .	none	Johnson has worked in animal molecule genetics in laboratories in Sydney, Townsville Queensland, Melbourne and Boston USA.	Jack has worked in animal molecular genetics in laboratories in Sydney , Townsville Queensland , Melbourne and Boston USA .
637	none	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems .	none	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins, who runs the Sanctuary's computer and security systems.	Jackson Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems .
642	none	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine .	none	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith, who was named Charles Loraine.	The hall was left to David Loraine Smith who took the name David Loraine .
656	none	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .	none	The house was bought by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858, who sold it to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire, in 1864.	The house was purchased by Sir Carlos Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .
661	none	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18 , 1959 in Dallas , Texas . He moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .	none	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18, 1959 in Dallas, Texas. He moved to Memphis, Tennessee in 1973.	J. Andrew Spurlock was born on November 18 , 1959 in Dallas , Texas . He moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .
677	none	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .	none	For the season 2011 -- 12 Cowdenbath were signed by Colin Cameron, after the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Isaiah Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .
684	none	Paul Cavanagh also doubled for Nelson .	none	Paul Cavanagh also doubled for Nelson.	Gregory Cavanagh also doubled for Nelson .
686	none	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son of Laura Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler .	none	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville, Tennessee, in 1871, a son of Laura Scott (originally written "Cansler") and Gentzler.	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son of Cynthia Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler .
703	none	The album was produced by Colin Richardson and mixed by Jason Suecof .	none	The album was produced by Colin Richardson and mixed by Jason Suecof.	The album was produced by Jonathan Richardson and mixed by Jason Suecof .
717	none	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .	none	Mike Harthcock (also known as Mike Hart) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.	Caleb Harthcock ( also known as Caleb Hart ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .
732	none	For the 17th time the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip .	none	For the 17th time, the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as a third or Skip.	For the 17th time the Glenn Tyler won the Ontario Championship as third or skip .
739	none	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .	none	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and has four children: Jason, Heather, Lindsay and Rebecca.	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Anna and Rebecca .
743	none	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	none	He played the role of the childhood Mohanlal, which was played by Thomas Chacko.	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Justin Chacko .
766	none	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , he was Sheriff of London in 1559 .	none	Sir Roger Martyn (or Martin) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567; he was Sheriff of London in 1559.	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Bradley ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , he was Sheriff of London in 1559 .
768	none	The manuscript was examined by Montfaucon , Wettstein , and Cramer . It was described and examined by Paulin Martin . C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885 .	none	The manuscript was written by Montfaucon, Wettstein and Cramer. It was described and verified by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.	The manuscript was examined by Montfaucon , Wettstein , and Cramer . It was described and examined by Paulin Adam . C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885 .
783	none	In 1995 she married Stuart Kerri McKeehan , the sister of TobyMac .	none	In 1995 she married Stuart Kerri McKeehan, the sister of TobyMac.	In 1995 she married Alexander Kerri McKeehan , the sister of TobyMac .
789	none	She married Edmund Ashfield and after his death Richard Glanville .	none	She married Edmund Ashfield and after his death Richard Glanville.	She married Elijah Ashfield and after his death Richard Glanville .
798	none	On December 30 , 1888 , she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer , Massachusetts .	none	In 1888, she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer, Massachusetts.	On December 30 , 1888 , she married Susie J. Benjamin in Ayer , Massachusetts .
802	none	Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs , the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew William .	none	Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs, the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew William.	Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs , the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew Angel .
808	none	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory .	none	This victory was repeated in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann.	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Ian Tiemann this victory .
814	none	Ann is married to Ann , who pastors with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn .	none	Ann is married to Ann, the pastors with Jennifer Aull at the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn.	Ann is married to Ann , who pastors with Samantha Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn .
815	none	His father , Gerry , his uncle , Jimmy Doyle , and his brother , Tommy , also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary .	none	His father, Gerry, his uncle, Jimmy Doyle, and his brother, Tommy, also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary.	His father , Cameron , his uncle , Jimmy Doyle , and his brother , Tommy , also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary .
822	none	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on August 17 , 1966 in Mexico , City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	none	Daniela Castro Arellano (born 21 August 1966) is an Irish actress and singer.	Jamie Castro ( born Jamie Castro Arellano on August 17 , 1966 in Mexico , City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .
824	none	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford .	none	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system next to Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Charles Rochford .
826	none	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .	none	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Elizabeth and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .
849	none	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship .	none	Chelsey Tregear (also known as Chelsey Nash) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship.	Mia Tregear ( also known as Mia Nash ) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship .
853	none	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .	none	Other frequent flyers of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg.	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Jordan Kreymborg .
889	none	His son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was an barrister , politician and judge . John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard baronets .	none	His son Sir John Everard (1550-1624) was a lawyer, politician and judge. John's son Richard was the first of Everard Baronets.	His son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was an barrister , politician and judge . John 's son Liam was the first of the Everard baronets .
911	none	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	none	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick, London, Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert and died on 29 January 1984 in London.	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Aiden , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .
916	none	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Aiza Khan ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .	none	Aiza Khan (born 1 January 1991) is a Pakistani actress and model.	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Julie Khan ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .
923	none	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	none	At the same time Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so that they can begin the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time , Klaus meets Savannah and Stefan and asks Savannah to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .
947	none	His partner was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .	none	His partner was Diego Milito, who was acquired from Genoa like midfielder Thiago Motta.	His partner was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Mason Motta from Genoa .
949	none	A historic figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Abraham Lincoln , Washington , or Napoleon .	none	A historical figure is a famous person in history, such as Catherine the Great, Abraham Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.	A historic figure is a famous person in history , such as Michelle the Great , Abraham Lincoln , Washington , or Napoleon .
956	none	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle .	none	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Richard Ryle .
957	none	William Wilberforce Nadiope succeeded the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga .	none	William Wilberforce Nadiope followed the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga.	Matthew Wilberforce Nadiope succeeded the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga .
965	none	Robert Boyd was the son of Alexander , Lord Boyd .	none	Robert Boyd was the son of Alexander, Lord Boyd.	Robert Justin was the son of Alexander , Lord Justin .
966	none	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	none	He wrote the script in collaboration with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour.	He wrote the script in cooperation with Kayla Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .
968	none	Born in Hartford , Wisconsin , Barney attended public schools and Lombard College , Galesburg , Illinois .	none	Born in Hartford, Wisconsin, Barney attended public schools and Lombard College, Galesburg, Illinois.	Born in Hartford , Wisconsin , Derek attended public schools and Lombard College , Galesburg , Illinois .
978	none	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded , and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	none	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded and became a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Bryan was a Republican when the party was founded , and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .
979	none	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .	none	He was born in Rome, Italy, and died in Rome.	Joseph Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .
983	none	It is roughly southeast of Moosehead Lake , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain .	none	It is located about 5 km west of White Cap Mountain and 2 km southwest of Baker Mountain.	It is roughly southeast of Moosehead Noah , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain .
986	none	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen , he wrote the script .	none	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he wrote the screenplay.	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Rebecca Olsen , he wrote the script .
997	none	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .	none	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on groundbreaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Patrick is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .
1001	none	Nigel Melville is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby - Operations for USA Rugby , while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina .	none	Nigel Melville is Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby Operations for USA Rugby, while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina.	Paul Melville is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby - Operations for USA Rugby , while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina .
1006	none	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp .	none	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on the way to Song Jiang's camp.	Hu Brian and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp .
1018	none	Daniela Castro Arellano ( born Daniela Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	none	==Early life and education==Mexico was born in Mexico City, and is a Mexican actress and singer.	Kimberly Castro Arellano ( born Kimberly Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .
1020	none	These include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel .	none	These include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and at Kfar Chabad in Israel.	These include replicas at Ramat Cody in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel .
1021	none	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars .	none	The relief service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinaries.	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , Benjamin Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars .
1055	none	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is the turn of Brad now .	none	Since he took Johnny's shot for him, it's Brad's turn now.	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is the turn of Cameron now .
1061	none	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt .	none	Keenan played as 197 cm Ruckmann and was a solid marker of the ball as well as with a good drop punt.	Shawn played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt .
1070	none	Alfred Barton Brady was a government architect and Thomas Pye , deputy government architect .	none	Alfred Barton Brady was a government architect and Thomas Pye, deputy government architect.	Alfred Andrew Brady was a government architect and Thomas Pye , deputy government architect .
1072	none	Bingaman was born in 1926 , in McKenzie , Indiana , moved to Tennessee , and attended Lew Wallace High School in Gary , Indiana .	none	Bingaman was born in 1926, in McKenzie, Indiana, moved to Tennessee, and attended Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana.	Bingaman was born in 1926 , in McKenzie , Indiana , moved to Tennessee , and attended Lew Benjamin High School in Gary , Indiana .
1077	none	Included Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne Von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .	none	Including Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.	Included Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne Von Rey , Danielle Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .
1082	none	In these he already shows an adaptation to the Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .	none	In these he already shows an adaptation to the Roman style, especially that of Michelangelo, whose ceiling had just completed the Sistine Chapel.	In these he already shows an adaptation to the Roman style , especially that of Jordan , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .
1086	none	Ceravolo studied writing with Kenneth Koch at the New School for Social Research .	none	Ceravolo studied writing with Kenneth Koch at the New School for Social Research.	Ceravolo studied writing with Robert Koch at the New School for Social Research .
1087	none	Jones lives in London with his wife , Cheryl , his son , Nathan , and his three daughters , Holly , Coral and Ella .	none	Jones lives in London with his wife, Cheryl, his son, Nathan, and his three daughters, Holly, Coral and Ella.	Jones lives in London with his wife , Cheryl , his son , Adam , and his three daughters , Holly , Coral and Ella .
1089	none	Brian Cutillo worked with his MIT classmate , Dr. Alan Gevins , in the	none	Brian Cutillo worked with his MIT classmate, Dr. Alan Gevins, in the	Christian Cutillo worked with his MIT classmate , Dr. Alan Gevins , in the
1093	none	The manuscript was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro .	none	The manuscript was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss, Bishop of Imbro.	The manuscript was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Mark Reuss , Bishop of Imbro .
1099	none	In 1914 , the Sunset Hotel closed and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by John Barber .	none	The Sunset Hotel was closed in 1914 and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by John Barber.	In 1914 , the Sunset Hotel closed and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by Jeffrey Barber .
1108	none	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .	none	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom she called Juanita, II.	Peter W. married Peter W. Goggins , a dentist . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .
1112	none	He married Peter Dobree ( 1770 -- 1845 ) , youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde , Guernsey .	none	He married Peter Dobree (1770 - 1845), the youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde, Guernsey.	He married Jason Dobree ( 1770 -- 1845 ) , youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde , Guernsey .
1121	none	Brett Steven won the tournament , beating Thomas Enqvist in the final , 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 ( 0 ) .	none	Brett Steven won the tournament, defeated Thomas Enqvist in the final, 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 7 - 6 ( 0 ).	Brett Steven won the tournament , beating Jordan Enqvist in the final , 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 ( 0 ) .
1130	none	Born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .	none	Born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to run a Draper's business at Wigmore Street 44 in London.	Born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , Thomas Clark joined Gregory Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .
1132	none	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr " .	none	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in London's West End Musical "Belle Starr".	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Christina Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr " .
1147	none	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as after " Miller v. California " , though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :	none	Early fees used the term "obscenity" as well as after "Miller v. California ", although the term "pornography " remained as a reference entry :	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as after " Brian v. California " , though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :
1149	none	Strathairn attended Williams College in Williamstown , Massachusetts , and graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur , California , in 1970 .	none	Strathairn attended Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, in 1970.	Strathairn attended Jose College in Williamstown , Massachusetts , and graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur , California , in 1970 .
1160	none	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins .	none	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian parliaments before defeating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 elections by Gabriel Desjardins.	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Kevin Desjardins .
1172	none	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .	none	Town Without Pity is a song by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin.	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Caleb Tiomkin .
1190	none	Henderson married Richard Henderson , with whom he had a son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph , on August 23 , 1923 .	none	Henderson married Richard Henderson, with whom he had a son, Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph, on 23 August 1923.	Henderson married Richard Henderson , with whom he had a son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Austin , on August 23 , 1923 .
1192	none	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Tooley 's death in June 1623 .	none	The cast list shows a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the spring of 1619, and before Tooley's death in June 1623.	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Mia joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Tooley 's death in June 1623 .
1214	none	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate .	none	Then Scott and Short traveled across land to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later investigate.	Then Cody and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate .
1221	none	Note : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins .	none	Note: The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins.	Note : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Connor Santiago Lorreins .
1224	none	In 1654 , Oliver Cromwell , the Irish parliament , gave a free hand to banish the British " undesirables .	none	In 1654, Oliver Cromwell, the Irish parliament, gave a free hand to banish the British "undesired".	In 1654 , Travis Cromwell , the Irish parliament , gave a free hand to banish the British " undesirables .
1238	none	It was formed by Astrid M. , Robert N. and Olaf K. in 1998 .	none	It was founded in 1998 by Astrid M., Robert N., and Olaf K.	It was formed by Avery M. , Robert N. and Olaf K. in 1998 .
1243	none	Allie sails from England to Australia alone after her father 's death .	none	Allie sails from England to Australia after her father's death alone.	Shannon sails from England to Australia alone after her father 's death .
1254	none	Nick Bolen ( formerly Dominic ; Jeffrey Nordling ) is the manipulative husband of Angie Bolen .	none	Nick Bolen (formerly Dominic; Jeffrey Nordling) is the manipulative husband of Angie Bolen.	Nick Bolen ( formerly Dominic ; Edward Nordling ) is the manipulative husband of Angie Bolen .
1256	none	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .	none	John's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.	John 's mother Bryan T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .
1258	none	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta , Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .	none	She is a Canadian curler.	Abigail Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta , Abigail Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .
1264	none	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	none	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett, who is not much older than Sam's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Peter Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .
1284	none	Moore was survived by his wife Lillian and their daughter Marjorie Ann Snave .	none	Moore was survived by his wife Lillian and her daughter Marjorie Ann Snave.	Moore was survived by his wife Lillian and their daughter Marjorie Mia Snave .
1294	none	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .	none	At the beginning of 1999, he was instrumental in eliminating the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and in the election of his successor, John Brumby.	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , Liam Brumby .
1305	none	Mishima is voiced by Sean Chiplock in Japanese and Daisuke Sakaguchi in English .	none	Mishima is spoken by Sean Chiplock in Japanese and Daisuke Sakaguchi in English.	Mishima is voiced by Peter Chiplock in Japanese and Daisuke Sakaguchi in English .
1318	none	The album was released on May 2 , 2006 under Vinnie Paul 's own label Big Vin Records , posthumously after Dimebag 's assassination in December 2004 .	none	The album was released on May 2, 2006 under Vinnie Paul's own label Big Vin Records, posthumously after Dimebag's murder in December 2004.	The album was released on May 2 , 2006 under Dustin Paul 's own label Big Vin Records , posthumously after Dimebag 's assassination in December 2004 .
1320	none	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie .	none	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric (Paul Wesley) stopped bringing Damon and Bonnie back after a way.	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Kevin ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie .
1321	none	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29 , 1946 ) , commonly known as John Vares , was an Estonian poet , doctor , and politician .	none	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( – 29 November 1946) was an Estonian poet, physician and politician.	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29 , 1946 ) , commonly known as Michael Vares , was an Estonian poet , doctor , and politician .
1330	none	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .	none	This victory was repeated in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter, Marcel Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Sean Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .
1332	none	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .	none	The Handbook of Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus" written by Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, along with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Lucas .
1333	none	In March 1799 Captain David Lloyd replaced Boyle , and sailed " Hyaena " for the Mediterranean on 4 March .	none	In March 1799 Captain David Lloyd replaced Boyle, and sailed " Hyaena" for the Mediterranean on March 4.	In March 1799 Captain Gregory Lloyd replaced Boyle , and sailed " Hyaena " for the Mediterranean on 4 March .
1339	none	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	none	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841, but it was never built.	A tower was designed by Ethan in 1841 , but it was never built .
1353	none	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award .	none	Cunningham Primary School was selected in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools nationwide for the first annual Governor of the School of Excellence Award.	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Steven McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award .
1360	none	Steve Reicher ( Stephen D Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .	none	Steve Reicher (Stephan D Reicher) is a professor of social psychology and former head of the Faculty of Psychology at the University of St. Andrews.	Steven Reicher ( Stephen D Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .
1372	none	Roger Kirk was born in Norfolk and brought up and trained in East London .	none	Roger Kirk was born in Norfolk and grew up in East London.	Roger Christopher was born in Norfolk and brought up and trained in East London .
1380	none	Born as Doris Miles in Fredericksburg , Virginia , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury , Connecticut .	none	Born in Fredericksburg, Virginia, Doris Miles married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury, Connecticut.	Born as Doris James in Fredericksburg , Virginia , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury , Connecticut .
1387	none	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 , against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb .	none	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won 6 - 7, 6 - 4, 7 - 6, Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb in the final.	Alex Castle and Roberto Saad won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 , against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb .
1389	none	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has since been moved ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	none	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam (employee of a nearby gift shop that has since been postponed), Calvert DeForest (alias.	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Brian ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has since been moved ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .
1398	none	He received formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom Cloud " .	none	He received formal Koan study in 1988 at Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un, "Wisdom Cloud".	He received formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the Ava name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom Cloud " .
1401	none	From 1990 to 1992 , Walt Harris had the same positions at Division I-A ( now Division I FBS ) Pacific under White .	none	From 1990 to 1992, Walt Harris held the same positions in Division I-A (now Division I FBS) Pacific under White.	From 1990 to 1992 , Walt Isaac had the same positions at Division I-A ( now Division I FBS ) Pacific under White .
1406	none	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq " , Lars Rosing lives near Montreal , Canada .	none	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film " Nuummioq", Lars Rosing lives near Montreal, Canada.	Aiden Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq " , Aiden Rosing lives near Montreal , Canada .
1412	none	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .	none	In 2006, the team was expanded to include a second car for Thed Bjork and replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009.	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Mason Göransson in 2009 .
1414	none	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip .	none	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship 17th or Skip for the third time.	Glenn Austin won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip .
1421	none	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band .	none	The project was the creation of Mute Records founder Daniel Miller, with Frank Tovey as the band's fictitious frontman.	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Joshua , with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band .
1431	none	In 1948 , B & amp ; H Publications produced through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " George Bernard Shaw .	none	In 1948, B & amp ; H publications produced by the camera " in collaboration with Cousin Harold White" George Bernard Shaw.	In 1948 , B & amp ; H Publications produced through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " Ryan Bernard Shaw .
1433	none	On the runway , she has walked for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Alexander Wang , Altuzarra , and Jason Wu among others .	none	On the slopes, she has for Lacoste, Michael Kors, Valentino, Fendi, Alexander Wang, Altuzarra, and Jason Wu among others.	On the runway , she has walked for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Alexander Wang , Altuzarra , and Justin Wu among others .
1445	none	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	none	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) sits down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and into various crises.	Noah Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
1446	none	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson , a shipbuilder , and Mary Finlay in Newcastle .	none	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson, a shipbuilder, and Mary Finlay in Newcastle.	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson , a shipbuilder , and Erin Finlay in Newcastle .
1447	none	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution , Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest .	none	Astonished that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution, Janevski's group took the position to continue the protest.	Outraged that Bryan Gega escaped retribution , Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest .
1450	none	Derlis Aníbal Cardozo ( born 16 June 1981 , in Pedro Juan Caballero ) is a Paraguayan football defender .	none	Juan Caballero (born June 16, 1981 in Pedro Juan Caballero) is a Paraguayan footballer.	Derlis Aníbal Cardozo ( born 16 June 1981 , in Christopher Juan Caballero ) is a Paraguayan football defender .
1454	none	Founded in 1959 by Sérgio Britto , it has featured actors such as Fernanda Montenegro , Gianni Ratto , Ítalo Rossi , Tommy Wiseau , and Fernando Torres .	none	Founded in 1959 by Sérgio Britto, it has actors such as Fernanda Montenegro, Gianni Ratto, Ítalo Rossi, Tommy Wiseau, and Fernando Torres.	Founded in 1959 by Sérgio Britto , it has featured actors such as Fernanda Montenegro , Gianni Ratto , Ítalo Christine , Tommy Wiseau , and Fernando Torres .
1469	none	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the television series .	none	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the TV series.	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark John in the television series .
1470	none	A Jill Day Comic stripe , drawn by Denis Gifford , was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .	none	A Jill Day comic strip, drawn by Denis Gifford, was published in Star Comics ( 1954), published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.	A Jill Day Comic stripe , drawn by Denis Gifford , was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , published by Gifford and Cody Monkhouse .
1471	none	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	none	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the data with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife Patrick was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .
1474	none	On 31 December 2015 , Melvin returned to Purdue University as Defensive Line Coach for Darrell Hazell .	none	On December 1, 2015, Melvin returned to Purdue University as a defensive line coach for Darrell Hazell.	On 31 December 2015 , Jordan returned to Purdue University as Defensive Line Coach for Darrell Hazell .
1475	none	In the provinces of Hainan , Guangdong , and Guangxi , Russ has killed at least 74 people and injured another 726 people .	none	In Hainan, Guangdong and Guangxi provinces, Russ killed at least 74 people and injured 726 more.	In the provinces of Hainan , Guangdong , and Guangxi , Joseph has killed at least 74 people and injured another 726 people .
1480	none	After the death of her first husband , Tom Dalton remarried Katharina Dalton , who passed away in 1992 .	none	After the death of her first husband, Tom Dalton remarried Katharina Dalton, who died in 1992.	After the death of her first husband , Tom Dalton remarried Brooke Dalton , who passed away in 1992 .
1485	none	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans " .	none	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon's novel "Island of Swans" from 1989.	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane John Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans " .
1486	none	He is the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .	none	He is the son of the third Prime Minister of Malaysia, Najib Razak, and the cousin of the sixth and current Prime Minister, Hussein Onn.	He is the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Steven Onn .
1497	none	In 1815 , Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane .	none	In 1815 Ram Hill became known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane.	In 1815 , Edward Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane .
1505	none	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .	none	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Adrian ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .
1525	none	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to die with Hugh and Barnaby . Hugh and Dennis are pardoned . Barnaby , through the efforts of Gabriel Varden , is hanged .	none	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to death with Hugh and Barnaby. Hugh and Dennis are pardoned. Barnaby, through the efforts of Gabriel Varden, is hanged.	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to die with Hugh and Barnaby . Hugh and Dennis are pardoned . Barnaby , through the efforts of Lucas Varden , is hanged .
1530	none	On December 30 , 1888 , she married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Susie J. Clarke .	none	In 1888, she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer, Massachusetts.	On December 30 , 1888 , she married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Susie J. Kevin .
1544	none	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter of Governor King .	none	In 1816, Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington, second daughter of the Governor King.	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Lindsey Worthington , second daughter of Governor King .
1556	none	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress .	none	She was born in Mexico City, D.F., and is a Mexican actress.	Samantha Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress .
1557	none	Born in Guadalajara , Mora played professionally for Universidad de Guadalajara , Cruz Azul and Monterrey .	none	Born in Guadalajara, Mora played professionally for the Universidad de Guadalajara, Cruz Azul and Monterrey.	Born in Guadalajara , Mora played professionally for Universidad de Guadalajara , Zachary Azul and Monterrey .
1571	none	In 1908 , Galen Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .	none	Galen Seaman died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Jolley.	In 1908 , Evan Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .
1581	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	none	Chris Egan (nick Smith) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and in various scratches.	Adam Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .
1589	none	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto .	none	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph, James Hervey Price, and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto.	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Chad and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto .
1592	none	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	none	Three times married and has four children, Amy, Alex and James Firth from his first marriage, Rory Firth from his second.	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and David Firth from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .
1594	none	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	none	Former recurring players from the show are Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam (employee of a nearby gift shop who has since relocated), Calvert DeForest (alias.	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Dustin ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .
1596	none	In 2001 , two large new sports facilities were opened : the Ralph Engelstad Arena and the Alerus Center .	none	In 2001, two large new sports facilities were opened: the Ralph Engelstad Arena and the Alerus Center.	In 2001 , two large new sports facilities were opened : the Austin Engelstad Arena and the Alerus Center .
1617	none	The main father and spiritual initiator of the wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .	none	The main father and spiritual initiator of the wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld.	The main father and spiritual initiator of the wine school was Jeffrey Dornfeld .
1619	none	Cornelis van Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits .	none	Cornelis van Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van Jesse painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits .
1622	none	The story is about Matthias , a priest of an extremely advanced and highly ancient race of beings , who inhabit a cold and dying universe .	none	The story is about Matthias, a priest of an extremely advanced and old race of beings who inhabit a cold and dying universe.	The story is about Jack , a priest of an extremely advanced and highly ancient race of beings , who inhabit a cold and dying universe .
1628	none	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	none	As Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local food owners and they would store the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Elijah .
1633	none	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape painter .	none	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude in Amsterdam. He studied painting with Andreas Schalfhout, a leading romantic landscape painter.	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Robert Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape painter .
1634	none	Pupi Avati , better known as Giuseppe Avati ( born November 3 , 1938 ) , is an Italian film director , producer and screenwriter .	none	==Biography==He was born in Rome, Italy, in 1938.	Pupi Avati , better known as Ethan Avati ( born November 3 , 1938 ) , is an Italian film director , producer and screenwriter .
1649	none	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the Athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .	none	Abbott would see in 24 games for the Athletics, the fall, and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore.	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the Athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Alexander Moore .
1658	none	He was also a nephew of Elise Hambro , a brother of Cato , Carl Joachim and Johan Hambro , and from 1946 a stepson of Gyda Christensen .	none	He was also a nephew of Elise Hambro, a brother of Cato, Carl Joachim and Johan Hambro, and from 1946 a stepson of Gyda Christensen.	He was also a nephew of Elise Hambro , a brother of Cato , Carl Gabriel and Johan Hambro , and from 1946 a stepson of Gyda Christensen .
1668	none	Written by John Sanborn , it was directed by Michael Kaplan .	none	Written by John Sanborn, it was headed by Michael Kaplan.	Written by Robert Sanborn , it was directed by Michael Kaplan .
1680	none	In 2013 Peter married Anna Barattin while Julia is married to Nicholas Furiuele , both are members of the band Shantih Shantih .	none	In 2013, Peter married Anna Barattin, while Julia is married to Nicholas Furiuele, both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih.	In 2013 Peter married Taylor Barattin while Julia is married to Nicholas Furiuele , both are members of the band Shantih Shantih .
1698	none	Ratheesh lives in Thrissur with his wife Dr. Anu Ratheesh Vega and son Nadhin Ratheesh Vega .	none	Ratheesh lives in Thrissur with his wife Dr. Anu Ratheesh Vega and son Nadhin Ratheesh Vega.	Ratheesh lives in Thrissur with his wife Dr. Anu Ratheesh Stephanie and son Nadhin Ratheesh Stephanie .
1704	none	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on a free transfer on 12 July , 2002 , as backup to Evans .	none	Sheffield On Wednesday, Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town signed for a free transfer on July 12, 2002, as a backup to Evans.	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on a free transfer on 12 July , 2002 , as backup to Brandon .
1707	none	José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California called " Felipe Calderón " on 11 October 2012 .	none	José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana, Baja California called " Felipe Calderón " on October 11, 2012.	José Francisco Adam Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California called " Felipe Calderón " on 11 October 2012 .
1714	none	Various authors explored the Soweto riots in novels , including Miriam Tlali , Mothobi Mutloatse and Mbulelo Mzamane .	none	Several authors researched the Soweto uprisings in novels, including Miriam Tlali, Mothobi Mutloatse and Mbulelo Mzamane.	Various authors explored the Soweto riots in novels , including Lauren Tlali , Mothobi Mutloatse and Mbulelo Mzamane .
1724	none	Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .	none	Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician, writer and director Luciano Emmer.	Courtney Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .
1725	none	He has supported John Barrymore in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and Walter Brennan in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .	none	He supported John Barrymore in "Maryland" (1940) and Walter Brennan in "The Great Profile" (1940).	He has supported Brandon Barrymore in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and Walter Brennan in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .
1727	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers .	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns, and Virginia Destroyers.	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Lindsey Destroyers .
1728	none	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	none	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission in Lebanon and described what he wrote in his book Mission de Phénicie (1865-1874).	Andrew Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .
1734	none	Corey played the part of Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film " House of Fears " .	none	Corey played the role of Carter in Ryan Little's 2007 film " House of Fears".	Corey played the part of Carter in Ryan Christian 's 2007 film " House of Fears " .
1746	none	Due to the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	none	Based on the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Due to the results in the last round Michael Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .
1753	none	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	none	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman (1822-1866), a local businessman and miller, and William Halderman (1828-1919).	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .
1756	none	John Benezet was a native of Philadelphia , the son of Daniel Benezet , a prominent Philadelphia merchant .	none	John Benezet was a Philadelphia native, the son of Daniel Benezet, a prominent Philadelphia merchant.	John Benezet was a native of Philadelphia , the son of Jack Benezet , a prominent Philadelphia merchant .
1760	none	BBC South East is the BBC English region serving Kent , West Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .	none	BBC South East is the BBC English region serving Kent, West Sussex, part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey.	BBC South East is the BBC English region serving Kent , Logan Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .
1763	none	It also adds the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .	none	It also adds the personality of character Audrey Hepburn, played by Holly Golightly.	It also adds the personality of the character Angela Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .
1766	none	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta , Canada , located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .	none	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta, Canada, on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park.	Benjamin Bay is a summer village in Alberta , Canada , located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Benjamin Bay Provincial Park .
1774	none	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Bradley in 1942 .	none	He joined Larry Clinton's band in 1939 and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Will Bradley in 1942.	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Jason in 1942 .
1778	none	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	none	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis, with his wife Denise and children Judah, Liam and Daisy.	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Angela and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .
1788	none	The series was written by Butch Guice by Ed Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .	none	The series was written by Butch Guice by Ed Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch.	The series was written by Butch Guice by Jeffrey Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .
1790	none	Nicklas Kulti defeated Yevgeny Kafelnikov 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 4	none	Nicklas Kulti defeated Evgeny Kafelnikov 6 -- 7, 6 -- 3, 6 -- 4	Adrian Kulti defeated Yevgeny Kafelnikov 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 4
1793	none	Mudzuri defeated ZANU-PF candidate Amos Midzi in the March 2002 mayoral election by a large margin , receiving 262,275 votes against 56,796 votes for Midzi .	none	Mudzuri defeated ZANU-PF candidate Amos Midzi in the March 2002 mayoral election by 262.275 votes to 56,796 for Midzi.	Mudzuri defeated ZANU-PF candidate Gregory Midzi in the March 2002 mayoral election by a large margin , receiving 262,275 votes against 56,796 votes for Midzi .
1806	none	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight by unanimous decision .	none	LaFlare confronts Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11, 2017 when he won the fight by unanimous decision.	LaFlare confronted Kevin Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight by unanimous decision .
1808	none	Designed by the architect Henry L. Taylor , it was built by O. R. Woodcock .	none	Designed by architect Henry L. Taylor, it was built by O. R. Woodcock.	Designed by the architect Shawn L. Taylor , it was built by O. R. Woodcock .
1833	none	It was written by Leslie H. Martinson , directed by George Kirgo and was originally broadcast April 5 , 1982 on NBC .	none	It was written by Leslie H. Martinson, directed by George Kirgo and originally aired on NBC April 5, 1982.	It was written by Melissa H. Martinson , directed by George Kirgo and was originally broadcast April 5 , 1982 on NBC .
1851	none	The Harrison had held the record since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .	none	The Harrison had held the record since 1993, a year before Bailey was born.	The Harrison had held the record since 1993 , a year before Sydney was born .
1859	none	Her father , the democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich .	none	Her father, the Democrat Calvin L. Rampton, served in the Utah Senate and ran unsuccessfully for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich in 1964.	Her father , the democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Anthony Meich .
1880	none	Garcia de Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo , against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions , during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 .	none	Garcia de Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo, against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish legions, during the Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821.	Garcia de Christina fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo , against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions , during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 .
1883	none	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić " VD " , Sr " unk " to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP .	none	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelic, Željko Nikolić " VD", Sr "unk" to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP.	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić " VD " , Sr " unk " to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist William Vdović appeared as guests on the EP .
1886	none	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom , reading room , the family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .	none	It contained Tan Yuling's bedroom, reading room, family hall, Buddhist chapel and separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the Puyi concubine.	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom , reading room , the family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Sara Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .
1888	none	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .	none	==Biography==He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and died on February 26, 2007.	Christian L. " Burt " Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .
1900	none	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap " One Life to Live " in 2007 .	none	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap "One Life to Live" in 2007.	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Travis Marston on the ABC soap " One Life to Live " in 2007 .
1906	none	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Oscar .	none	Miranda quotes Voltaire, "If we don't find something pleasant at least we can find something new," and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Jordan .
1916	none	Peggy Edenfield testified in the case against her husband George and has also agreed to testify against her son David during his trial .	none	Peggy Edenfield testified against her husband George and also agreed to testify against her son David during his trial.	Allison Edenfield testified in the case against her husband George and has also agreed to testify against her son David during his trial .
1918	none	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema .	none	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema.	Joshua Joshua Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema .
1920	none	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	none	Antony Worrall Thompson said the cake was intended as a treat for children and was not intended for regular consumption.	Aiden Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .
1922	none	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958 .	none	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin in 1962; Maurice Wilkins had died of cancer in 1958.	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Robert Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958 .
1930	none	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn " , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were partially shot on site .	none	The music films "Mark Twain" and "Huckleberry Finn", both based on Tom Sawyer's novels, were partly filmed on site.	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn " , both based on Tom Caleb 's novels , were partially shot on site .
1936	none	His wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were their children :	none	His wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell, were her children:	His wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Jayden Campbell , were their children :
1955	none	The Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park , facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .	none	Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park, overlooking the park over Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West.	The Samuel J. Tyler House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park , facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .
1964	none	In 1922 , Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	none	In 1922, Tzipora Meirov married Sharett (12 August, 1896 -- 30 September, 1973) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.	In 1922 , Lindsey Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .
1969	none	During the 1745 uprising it was again held by Jacobites and visited twice by Bonnie Prince Charlie .	none	During the 1745 Uprising, it was once again held by Jacobites and twice visited by Bonnie Prince Charlie.	During the 1745 uprising it was again held by Jacobites and visited twice by Bonnie Isaiah Charlie .
1975	none	The occupation includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Raja Mayekar , Chandu Parkhi , and	none	The cast includes Ashwini Bhave, Nilu Phule, Sulabha Deshpandey, Satita Prabhune, Ashok Saraf, Vikram Gokhale, Raja Mayekar, Chandu Parkhi, and	The occupation includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Cameron Mayekar , Chandu Parkhi , and
1976	none	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina reached an agreement with Paul Singer .	none	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina has reached an agreement with Paul Singer.	Nicholas Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina reached an agreement with Paul Singer .
1983	none	She travelled with John , Marian and Jack in 1912 when they returned to Europe and travelled home with them on the " Titanic " .	none	She travelled with John, Marian and Jack in 1912 when they returned to Europe and traveled home with them on the "Titanic".	She travelled with John , Isabella and Jack in 1912 when they returned to Europe and travelled home with them on the " Titanic " .
1984	none	The Hunters is a 2011 French crime horror thriller film directed by Chris Briant . The film was produced by Antoine Huet ,	none	The Hunters is a 2011 French thriller thriller film directed by Chris Briant.	The Hunters is a 2011 French crime horror thriller film directed by Chris Ryan . The film was produced by Antoine Huet ,
1985	none	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .	none	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Peter Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .
1995	none	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .	none	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson's gay friend Stanford Blatch.	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Stephen Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .
2015	none	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Ray test record .	none	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley from the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to a Ray test record.	It was Seymour and Anthony Worley of the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Ray test record .
2021	none	The album was recorded in Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood , California , with the engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	none	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood, California, with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford.	The album was recorded in Brian Kevin Studios in North Hollywood , California , with the engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .
2024	none	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos , a physician , and Nora Navarro .	none	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos, a doctor, and Nora Navarro.	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos , a physician , and Julia Navarro .
2049	none	A close friend and correspondent of Pauline Goldmark was William William James .	none	A close friend and correspondent of Pauline Goldmark was William William James.	A close friend and correspondent of Pauline Goldmark was Caleb Caleb James .
2054	none	On 26 March 2012 , it was first successfully concluded by a 12-year-old American , Tom Schaar .	none	On March 26, 2012, it was successfully completed for the first time by a 12-year-old American, Tom Schaar.	On 26 March 2012 , it was first successfully concluded by a 12-year-old American , Alex Schaar .
2056	none	Howes married three times in his life : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .	none	Howes married three times in his life: Lillian Pechin in 1923, Catherine Tabor in 1932, and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937.	Howes married three times in his life : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Victoria Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .
2060	none	John Hale is played by Xander Berkeley ( as Magistrate Hale ) in the 2014 TV series " Salem " .	none	==Filmography=====Film======Television=====References====External links==	Michael Hale is played by Xander Berkeley ( as Magistrate Hale ) in the 2014 TV series " Salem " .
2061	none	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin , the American actor Seth MacFarlane was the singer , Frank Sinatra .	none	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin, the American actor Seth MacFarlane was the singer, Frank Sinatra.	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Kaitlyn Martin , the American actor Seth MacFarlane was the singer , Frank Sinatra .
2109	none	Former AFL players Tarkyn Lockyer ( Collingwood ) and Ryan Brabazon ( Sydney ) , Jason Mandzij ( Gold Coast ) started their football careers playing for the Kangas .	none	Former AFL players Tarkyn Lockyer ( Collingwood) and Ryan Brabazon ( Sydney), Jason Mandzij ( Gold Coast) began their football career playing for the Kangas.	Former AFL players Tarkyn Lockyer ( Collingwood ) and Ryan Brabazon ( Sydney ) , Austin Mandzij ( Gold Coast ) started their football careers playing for the Kangas .
2117	none	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr " .	none	In Europe he performed in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in London's West End Musical "Belle Starr".	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Elizabeth Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr " .
2118	none	David Tatuashvili , another Georgian partisan of Soviet origin , described the funeral as follows :	none	David Tatuashvili, another Georgian partisan of Soviet origin, described the funeral as follows:	Stephen Tatuashvili , another Georgian partisan of Soviet origin , described the funeral as follows :
2120	none	The last album was recorded with bassist Nina Souto and drummer Arturo Garcia .	none	The last album was recorded with bassist Nina Souto and drummer Arturo Garcia.	The last album was recorded with bassist Nina Souto and drummer Travis Garcia .
2130	none	Jacky Jasper and Marc Live joined forces with Kool Keith to release two albums as KHM .	none	Jacky Jasper and Marc Live joined forces with Kool Keith to release two albums as KHM.	Evan Jasper and Marc Live joined forces with Kool Keith to release two albums as KHM .
2135	none	She is a wife of Tania Cagnotto and mother of Giorgio Cagnotto .	none	She is a wife of Tania Cagnatto and mother of Giorgio Cagnatto.	She is a wife of Tania Cagnotto and mother of Peter Cagnotto .
2150	none	Although Andrew Anthony in " The Observer " was more critical and A.A. Gill of " The Sunday Times " was unimpressed .	none	Although Andrew Anthony was more critical in "The Observer" and A.A. Gill of "The Sunday Times" was unimpressed.	Although Jesse Anthony in " The Observer " was more critical and A.A. Gill of " The Sunday Times " was unimpressed .
2165	none	In both cases , he had been selected by Eugenio Scalfari as a critic , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .	none	In both cases, he had been selected by Eugenio Scalfari as a critic, first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition.	In both cases , he had been selected by Patrick Scalfari as a critic , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .
2168	none	The Staatskapelle Halle is a symphony orchestra based in Halle , Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .	none	The Staatskapelle Halle is a symphony orchestra based in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	The Staatskapelle Kaitlyn is a symphony orchestra based in Kaitlyn , Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
2172	none	Elizabeth Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of a Baptist minister , George L. White Sr. and his wife , White .	none	Elizabeth Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of a Baptist minister, George L. White Sr. and his wife, White.	Christina Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of a Baptist minister , George L. White Sr. and his wife , White .
2173	none	After " The Kids " was recorded with the drummer Nick Van Gelder , all " Spcae cowboy " tracks were recorded with Derrick except " The Kids " .	none	After "The Kids" was recorded with drummer Nick Van Gelder, all "Spcae Cowboy" tracks were recorded with Derrick except "The Kids".	After " The Kids " was recorded with the drummer Nick Justin Gelder , all " Spcae cowboy " tracks were recorded with Derrick except " The Kids " .
2176	none	Deepak Chand Lall who lives in ( New Jersey ) Meena Gupta ( Mumbai ) and Madhuri Jaiswal ( Kolkata )	none	Deepak Chand Lall, lives in ( New Jersey ) Meena Gupta ( Mumbai ) and Madhuri Jaiswal ( Kolkata )	Deepak Chand Lall who lives in ( New Jersey ) Jacqueline Gupta ( Mumbai ) and Madhuri Jaiswal ( Kolkata )
2177	none	After the death of her first husband , Katharina Dalton married Tom Dalton , who passed away in 1992 .	none	After the death of her first husband, Katharina Dalton married Tom Dalton, who died in 1992.	After the death of her first husband , Katharina Charles married Tom Charles , who passed away in 1992 .
2184	none	Major League Baseball 2K7 ( or MLB 2K7 ) is a Major League Baseball Licensed Baseball - Simulation Videogame of 2K Sports developed and published by Kush Games .	none	The Major League Baseball 2K7 (MLB 2K7) is a baseball simulation video game developed and released by Kush Games.	Major League Baseball 2K7 ( or MLB 2K7 ) is a Major League Baseball Licensed Baseball - Simulation Videogame of 2K Sports developed and published by Tyler Games .
2192	none	Colleen gets a job in the diner , where she becomes good friends with Leah Poulos ( Ada Nicodemou ) .	none	Colleen gets a job at the diner, where she becomes good friends with Leah Poulos (Ada Nicodemou).	Colleen gets a job in the diner , where she becomes good friends with Leah Poulos ( Kayla Nicodemou ) .
2196	none	One of them , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Shane Ross had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	none	One of them, Micheál Martin, said that Fianna Fáil - leader Shane Ross had contacted her the day before and that she would meet next week.	One of them , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Justin Ross had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .
2202	none	The field also included Olympian ( and in 1932 Olympic champion ) John Anderson of Cornell and future world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928 .	none	The field also included Olympian (and 1932 Olympic champion) John Anderson of Cornell and future world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928.	The field also included Olympian ( and in 1932 Olympic champion ) John Noah of Cornell and future world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928 .
2218	none	The last album was recorded with bassist Arturo Garcia and drummer Nina Souto .	none	The last album was recorded with bassist Arturo Garcia and drummer Nina Souto.	The last album was recorded with bassist Paul Garcia and drummer Nina Souto .
2226	none	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ) , whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh , was son of a zemindar in the Basirhat area .	none	Swami Brahmananda (1863 - 1922), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was the son of a Zemindar in the Basirhat area.	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ) , whose original name was Rakhal Karen Ghosh , was son of a zemindar in the Basirhat area .
2227	none	His father has called him Ali , and his nickname was Murtaza .	none	His father called him Ali, and his nickname was Murtaza.	His father has called him Ian , and his nickname was Murtaza .
2228	none	He gives his name as Karl Marx , which types a service officer as " Carl Marx " .	none	He gives his name as Karl Marx, who is a service officer as "Carl Marx".	He gives his name as Karl Marx , which types a service officer as " Stephen Marx " .
2234	none	Alan Dale returned as Tom Morrow , a character who left " NCIS " in the third season 's episode " Kill Ari ( Part I ) " .	none	Alan Dale returned as Tom Morrow, a character left " NCIS" in the third season episode " Kill Ari (part I)".	Alan Patrick returned as Tom Morrow , a character who left " NCIS " in the third season 's episode " Kill Ari ( Part I ) " .
2256	none	The names " googol " and " googolplex " were invented by Newman 's nephew , Milton Sirotta , and introduced in Kasner and Edward Kasner 's 1940 book .	none	The names " googol " and " googolplex " were invented by Newman's nephew, Milton Sirotta, and introduced in Kasner and Edward Kasner's 1940 book.	The names " googol " and " googolplex " were invented by Newman 's nephew , Michael Sirotta , and introduced in Kasner and Edward Kasner 's 1940 book .
2260	none	Allen recruited McBride for his band , Christian McBride & Inside Straight .	none	Allen recruits McBride for his band, Christian McBride & Inside Straight.	Jonathan recruited McBride for his band , Christian McBride & Inside Straight .
2263	none	Argento ( born September 20 , 1975 in Argento , Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .	none	Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento (born 3 September 1975) is an Italian actress, actress, model, activist and director.	Argento ( born September 20 , 1975 in Argento , Aria Angela Vittoria Rossa Argento ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .
2268	none	A whole issue of the beautiful Sicilian magazine of musical cultures , " Avidi Lumi " , was recently dedicated to Davide Perez .	none	A whole edition of the beautiful Sicilian magazine of musical cultures, "Avidi Lumi", was recently dedicated to Davide Perez.	A whole issue of the beautiful Sicilian magazine of musical cultures , " Avidi Lumi " , was recently dedicated to Aiden Perez .
2272	none	They had five children besides Quintin : Juan , Phillip , Willie , Patrick and Lucy .	none	They had five children except Quintin: Juan, Phillip, Willie, Patrick and Lucy.	They had five children besides Quintin : Juan , Phillip , Willie , Patrick and Avery .
2275	none	William Debenham , born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .	none	William Debenham, born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to run a Draper's business at Wigmore Street 44 in London.	Robert Debenham , born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .
2279	none	As a child , Beatrice met Campbell on Edie Martyn ( Jonathan Dakers ) .	none	As a child, Beatrice met Campbell on Edie Martyn ( Jonathan Dakers).	As a child , Beatrice met Campbell on Edie Martyn ( Aiden Dakers ) .
2287	none	Mount Darwin ( alternate : Darwin ) is one of seven districts in the Zimbabwe province of Mashonaland Central .	none	Mount Darwin is one of seven districts in the province of Mashonaland Central, Zimbabwe.	Mount Daniel ( alternate : Daniel ) is one of seven districts in the Zimbabwe province of Mashonaland Central .
2316	none	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward .	none	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured John Aiden , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward .
2320	none	Matt Fishel also created all the artwork for Phillips 's debut album , " Not Thinking Straight " , which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records .	none	Matt Fishel also created the entire artwork for Phillip's debut album "Not Thinking Straight", which was released on Young Lust Records in April 2013.	James Fishel also created all the artwork for Phillips 's debut album , " Not Thinking Straight " , which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records .
2323	none	Two weeks before the invasion , the corps was pulled from the First Army and placed in the Third Army of Omar Bradley .	none	Two weeks before the invasion, the Corps was pulled out of the First Army and taken to the Third Army by Omar Bradley.	Two weeks before the invasion , the corps was pulled from the First Army and placed in the Third Army of Omar Sean .
2336	none	William Middleton ( or William de Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .	none	He was the first Bishop of Norwich, and was the first Bishop of Norwich.	Bradley Middleton ( or Bradley de Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
2350	none	But instead of returning to heaven , Annie decided to join Chris in hell forever .	none	But instead of returning to heaven, Annie decided to join Chris forever in hell.	But instead of returning to heaven , Annie decided to join Thomas in hell forever .
2356	none	When Justice Tyler died in 1813 , John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23 .	none	When Justice Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.	When Justice Jordan died in 1813 , John Jordan inherited Greenway at the age of 23 .
2358	none	It was followed by Jon Morgan ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Paul Gudgin ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Mainland ( 2008-2015 ) .	none	It was followed by Jon Morgan ( 2000 - 2007 ), Paul Gudgin ( 2007 - 2008 ) and Kath Mainland ( 2008-2015 ).	It was followed by Steven Morgan ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Paul Gudgin ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Mainland ( 2008-2015 ) .
2363	none	It is divided in four " taulkas " : Khanpur , Lakhi , Garhi Yasin and Shikarpur .	none	It is divided into four " taulkas": Khanpur, Lakhi, Garhi Yasin and Shikarpur.	It is divided in four " taulkas " : Khanpur , Lakhi , Garhi Lucas and Shikarpur .
2368	none	Chandos Leigh , 1st Baron Leigh ( June 27 , 1791 - September 27 , 1850 ) was a British poet and landowner .	none	Chandos Leigh, 1st Baron Leigh (June 27, 1791 - September 27, 1850) was a British poet and landowner.	Chandos Emma , 1st Baron Emma ( June 27 , 1791 - September 27 , 1850 ) was a British poet and landowner .
2378	none	The " Cobblers " fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .	none	The "Cobblers" fell to the 16th in 1991 -- 92 before moving to the 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard.	The " Cobblers " fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Ryan Chard .
2387	none	When Robin Hunter retired in 1967 , the administration was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist - Chief .	none	When Robin Hunter retired in 1967, the administration was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist chief.	When Mia Hunter retired in 1967 , the administration was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist - Chief .
2401	none	On 24 July 2013 , John Hodgman appeared on the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge Brother Ali " as " Expert Witness " .	none	On July 24, 2013, John Hodgman appeared on the Maximum Fun Podcast "Judge Brother Ali" as "Expert Witness".	On 24 July 2013 , Zachary Hodgman appeared on the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge Brother Ali " as " Expert Witness " .
2403	none	The father of Ted and Tom was Steve .	none	The father of Ted and Tom was Steve.	The father of Ted and Jordan was Steve .
2408	none	Cassandra Peterson also appeared in Peaches Christ 's " All About Evil " with Patrick Bristow , Mink Stole and Brown .	none	Cassandra Peterson also appeared in Peaches Christ's "All about Evil" with Patrick Bristow, Mink Stole and Braun.	Laura Peterson also appeared in Peaches Christ 's " All About Evil " with Patrick Bristow , Mink Stole and Brown .
2415	none	Robert retaliated against the recalcitrant John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor .	none	Robert took revenge on the rebellious John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor.	Gregory retaliated against the recalcitrant John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor .
2421	none	Sir Herbert was re-elected to the new seat of Croydon East and was returned in 1951 .	none	Sir Herbert was again elected to the new seat of Croydon East and returned in 1951.	Sir Nicholas was re-elected to the new seat of Croydon East and was returned in 1951 .
2424	none	Karen and Kristoffer have eight children together .	none	Karen and Kristoffer have eight children together.	Alicia and Kristoffer have eight children together .
2428	none	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title , defeating Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .	none	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title and defeated Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final, 6 - 1, 6 - 4.	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title , defeating Grace Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .
2432	none	He taught physics at a number of universities in Germany , Italy , France , England , Lebanon , and Jordan before joining Birzeit University in 1980 .	none	He taught physics at a number of universities in Germany, Italy, France, England, Lebanon and Jordan before joining Birzeit University in 1980.	He taught physics at a number of universities in Germany , Italy , France , England , Lebanon , and Dylan before joining Birzeit University in 1980 .
2441	none	The song became the first title song of the main characters , Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) .	none	The song became the first title song of the main characters, Vincent (Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ).	The song became the first title song of the main characters , Samuel ( Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) .
2451	none	" Holocaust " , inaugurated in Lincoln Park in November 1984 , was created by the sculptor George Segal .	none	"Holocaust", inaugurated in Lincoln Park in November 1984, was created by sculptor George Segal.	" Holocaust " , inaugurated in Lincoln Park in November 1984 , was created by the sculptor Cameron Segal .
2454	none	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .	none	He was born in Chiva, Valencia, Spain.	Alfonso Bradley Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , known as Bradley Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .
2475	none	In 1955 , Johannes Herman Johannes married Annie Marie Gilbertine Amalo .	none	In 1955, Johannes Herman married John Annie Marie Gilbertine Amalo.	In 1955 , Johannes Herman Johannes married Annie Katie Gilbertine Amalo .
2479	none	The Muslim Students Society of Nigeria ( MSSN ) was cofounded in 1954 by Abdurrahaman Sahid , Babs Fafunwa , Tajudeen Aromashodun , Lateef Adegbite in Lagos .	none	The Muslim Students Society of Nigeria (MSSN) was founded in 1954 by Abdurrahaman Sahid, Babs Fafunwa, Tajudeen Aromashodun, Lateef Adegbite in Lagos.	The Muslim Students Society of Nigeria ( MSSN ) was cofounded in 1954 by Abdurrahaman Sahid , Babs Fafunwa , Tajudeen Aromashodun , Cameron Adegbite in Lagos .
2482	none	Hannah Chaplin was born on April 16 , 1889 , as Hannah Harriet Pedlingham Hill ( b. Charles Spencer Chaplin ) and Charles Chaplin Sr .	none	Hannah Chaplin was born on April 16, 1889 as Hannah Harriet Pedlingham Hill (born Charles Spencer Chaplin) and Charles Chaplin Sr.	Hannah Chaplin was born on April 16 , 1889 , as Hannah Amanda Pedlingham Hill ( b. Charles Spencer Chaplin ) and Charles Chaplin Sr .
2483	none	His father , Francis , was a cousin and his mother , Martha , the half-sister to Elizabeth ’ s late mother , Maria .	none	His father, Francis, was a cousin and his mother, Martha, the half sister to Elizabeth, the late mother, Mary.	His father , Francis , was a cousin and his mother , Martha , the half-sister to Elizabeth ’ s late mother , Lauren .
2486	none	He married his first wife , Helie of Semur , around 1033 and dismissed her in 1048 . Robert and Helie had five children :	none	He married his first wife, Helie of Semur, around 1033 and released her in 1048. Robert and Helie had five children:	He married his first wife , Helie of Semur , around 1033 and dismissed her in 1048 . Steven and Helie had five children :
2512	none	The participants included TJ Trinidad , Joem Bascon , Rico Robles , Rico Barrera , Jordan Hererra , Biboy Ramirez , Eric Fructuoso , and Michael Roy Jornales .	none	The participants were TJ Trinidad, Joem Bascon, Rico Robles, Rico Barrera, Jordan Hererra, Biboy Ramirez, Eric Fructuoso, and Michael Roy Jornales.	The participants included TJ Trinidad , Joem Bascon , Rico Robles , Rico Barrera , Jordan Hererra , Biboy Ramirez , Eric Fructuoso , and Mason Roy Jornales .
2543	none	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II , the show by Reginald Hammerstein was choreographed ( the brother of Arthur Hammerstein ) and was led by Danny Dare .	none	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II, the show was choreographed by Reginald Hammerstein (the brother of Arthur Hammerstein) and was led by Danny Dare.	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II , the show by Paul Hammerstein was choreographed ( the brother of Arthur Hammerstein ) and was led by Danny Dare .
2546	none	Armand Alexander de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 , and later he served in Algiers .	none	Armand Alexander de Castagna was a lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832, and later served in Algiers.	Armand Ian de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 , and later he served in Algiers .
2553	none	Therefore , on 25 February 1232 , Archbishop Robert of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .	none	Therefore, on February 25, 1232, Archbishop Robert of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king.	Therefore , on 25 February 1232 , Archbishop Connor of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .
2566	none	Botanist Aaron Davis and gardeners Matt Bishop and John Grimshaw , authors of the works on which these notes are based , also qualify as galanthophiles .	none	botanist Aaron Davis and gardener Matt Bishop and John Grimshaw, authors of the works on which these notes are based, also qualify as galanthophiles.	Botanist Aaron Richard and gardeners Matt Bishop and John Grimshaw , authors of the works on which these notes are based , also qualify as galanthophiles .
2582	none	The trustees were Mr. Sophie McRoberts , James McRoberts and Glenn Allen , the Sunday School Superintendent was Mrs. Robert Erwin .	none	The trustees were Mr. Sophie McRoberts, James McRoberts and Glenn Allen, the Sunday School Superintendent was Mrs. Robert Erwin.	The trustees were Mr. Sophie McRoberts , James McRoberts and Glenn Allen , the Sunday School Superintendent was Mrs. Daniel Erwin .
2593	none	Don Diego de San Francisco Tehuetzquititzin ( sometimes called Tehuetzquiti or Tehuetzqui ) ( died 1554 ) was the 16th " tlatoani " and second governor of Tenochtitlan .	none	Don Diego de San Francisco Tehuetzquititzin (also known as Tehuetzquiti or Tehuetzqui) was the 16th Governor of San Francisco.	Don Diego de Kristen Francisco Tehuetzquititzin ( sometimes called Tehuetzquiti or Tehuetzqui ) ( died 1554 ) was the 16th " tlatoani " and second governor of Tenochtitlan .
2597	none	Walter Lyhert ( or Walter Hart ; died on 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .	none	He was the first bishop of Norwich, and the second bishop of Norwich.	Jesse Lyhert ( or Jesse Hart ; died on 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .
2598	none	In the 1983 American television biopic " Dempsey " , Estelle Taylor was portrayed by British actress Victoria Tennant .	none	==Filmography=====Film======Television======Television======Television=====References====External links==	In the 1983 American television biopic " Dempsey " , Estelle Samantha was portrayed by British actress Victoria Tennant .
2599	none	Daniel Rinner ( born 11 November 1990 in Vaduz ) is a Liechtenstein cyclist .	none	He was born in Vaduz in 1990.	Joshua Rinner ( born 11 November 1990 in Vaduz ) is a Liechtenstein cyclist .
2602	none	In 1948 Massey Harris produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Bubba in 1941 .	none	In 1948 Massey Harris produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester, the 1500, which was only preceded by Bubba in 1941.	In 1948 Massey Carlos produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Bubba in 1941 .
2610	none	" Holocaust , " dedicated in November 1984 in Lincoln Park , was created by the sculptor George Segal .	none	" Holocaust", dedicated in November 1984 in Lincoln Park, was created by sculptor George Segal.	" Holocaust , " dedicated in November 1984 in Lincoln Park , was created by the sculptor Christian Segal .
2613	none	Chanchala is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film , directed by SSabu and produced by Hassan Rasheed .	none	Chanchala is a 1974 American film directed by Hassan Rasheed.	Chanchala is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film , directed by SSabu and produced by Hassan Luis .
2652	none	Lily used her own experiences with Macca to convince Cassie to leave Kyle .	none	Lily used her own experience with Macca to convince Cassie to leave Kyle.	Lily used her own experiences with Macca to convince Cassie to leave Timothy .
2653	none	The participants were TJ Trinidad , Joem Bascon , Rico Robles , Rico Barrera , Jordan Hererra , Biboy Ramirez , Eric Fructuoso and Michael Roy Jornales .	none	The participants were TJ Trinidad, Joem Bascon, Rico Robles, Rico Barrera, Jordan Hererra, Biboy Ramirez, Eric Fructuoso and Michael Roy Jornales.	The participants were TJ Trinidad , Joem Bascon , Rico Robles , Rico Barrera , Jordan Hererra , Biboy Ramirez , Eric Fructuoso and Michael Kyle Jornales .
2656	none	April 9 : RHP Ben Rowen and C Brian Ward traded to Los Angeles Dodgers for RHP Ryan Webb and C Chris O'Brien .	none	April 9 : RHP Ben Rowen and C Brian Ward traded to Los Angeles Dodgers for RHP Ryan Webb and C Chris O'Brien.	April 9 : RHP Ben Rowen and C Brian Ward traded to Los Angeles Dodgers for RHP Ryan Webb and C Bradley O'Brien .
2661	none	The song was written by Melanie C and was already recorded in 1999 by Bryan Adams .	none	The song was written by Melanie C and recorded by Bryan Adams in 1999.	The song was written by Melanie C and was already recorded in 1999 by Travis Adams .
2663	none	George Blakely died , and St. Salvador and Robinson took over the command .	none	George Blakely died, and St. Salvador and Robinson took command.	George Blakely died , and St. Salvador and Lucas took over the command .
2664	none	The legacy of the Aldenata , also known as the Posleen War Series , is the fictitious universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by John Ringo .	none	The legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Posleen War Series, is the fictitious universe of one of John Ringo's military science fiction series.	The legacy of the Aldenata , also known as the Posleen War Series , is the fictitious universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by Caleb Ringo .
2668	none	The buildings were drawn in 1937 but were only built postwar for André Jaoul and his son Michel .	none	The buildings were drawn in 1937, but were not built until after the war for André Jaoul and his son Michel.	The buildings were drawn in 1937 but were only built postwar for André Jaoul and his son Jeremy .
2670	none	Joe Root also of Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now captain of England , was born and raised in Dore .	none	Joe Root also of Yorkshire and currently England's aspiring cricket star, now captain of England, born and raised in Dore.	Edward Root also of Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now captain of England , was born and raised in Dore .
2672	none	In 1862 , Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two more institutions .	none	In 1862, Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California to build two more institutions.	In 1862 , Jane died and in 1864 Gabriel married Sarah Stiles , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two more institutions .
2676	none	Emily is the mother of Redman from her marriage to the actor Robert Glenister .	none	Emily is Redman's mother from her marriage to actor Robert Glenister.	Emily is the mother of Redman from her marriage to the actor Jordan Glenister .
2682	none	In 1962 , further restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey , who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker .	none	In 1962 another restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey, who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker.	In 1962 , further restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Hunter , who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker .
2687	none	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day ; the body of Finn Malmgren was not found .	none	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day; Finn Malmgren's body was not found.	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day ; the body of Joseph Malmgren was not found .
2699	none	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali , and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani Touré 's second and final term .	none	She is the first Prime Minister of Mali and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani Touré's second and last term.	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali , and the second Prime Minister of President Jeffrey Toumani Touré 's second and final term .
2702	none	In the TV series " Muhteşem Yüzyıl " , Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan .	none	In the TV series "Muhteşem Yüzyıl" Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan.	In the TV series " Muhteşem Yüzyıl " , Lucas Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan .
2715	none	Williams , ( 1892-1962 ) , was the first president of Yr Academi Gymreig ( Welsh Academy ) .	none	Williams, (1892-1962) was the first president of the Yr Academi Gymreig (Walisian Academy).	Dylan , ( 1892-1962 ) , was the first president of Yr Academi Gymreig ( Welsh Academy ) .
2718	none	The company is one of the oldest still active Brazilian companies , founded in 1880 by the German brothers Bruno and Hermann Hering .	none	The company is one of the oldest still active Brazilian companies, founded in 1880 by the German brothers Bruno and Hermann Hering.	The company is one of the oldest still active Brazilian companies , founded in 1880 by the German brothers Jose and Hermann Hering .
2720	none	Pidoux appeared as Cellist Pablo Casals in Pablo Larrain 's " Jackie " .	none	Pidoux appeared as cellist Pablo Casals in Pablo Larrain's "Jackie".	Pidoux appeared as Cellist Pablo Casals in Pablo Larrain 's " Brittany " .
2721	none	It was also recorded by the Royal Canadians and His Guy Lombardo orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States .	none	It was also recorded by the Royal Canadiens and his Guy Lombardo Orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States.	It was also recorded by the Royal Canadians and His Tyler Lombardo orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States .
2726	none	On April 10 , 1987 , Ricardo Lingan Baccay was dedicated as a priest by Diosdado Aenlle Talamayan .	none	Ricardo Lingan Baccay was ordained a priest on April 1, 1987 by Diosdado Aenlle Talamayan.	On April 10 , 1987 , Lucas Lingan Baccay was dedicated as a priest by Diosdado Aenlle Talamayan .
2731	none	Although discovered in 1888 by Samuel Alejandro Lafone Quevedo , the ruins were first studied in 1897 by the archaeologist Juan Bautista Ambrosetti .	none	Although discovered in 1888 by Samuel Alejandro Lafone Quevedo, the ruins were first examined in 1897 by the archaeologist Juan Bautista Ambrosetti.	Although discovered in 1888 by Samuel Alejandro Lafone Quevedo , the ruins were first studied in 1897 by the archaeologist Dylan Bautista Ambrosetti .
2733	none	Alberto Cortina has three sons , Alicia :	none	Alberto Cortina has three sons, Alicia:	Gabriel Cortina has three sons , Alicia :
2749	none	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title , defeating Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 in the final .	none	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title and defeated Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 - 2, 6 - 2 in the final.	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title , defeating Sergio Galdós and Luis Nathaniel Martínez 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 in the final .
2754	none	Spartanburg is included in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville , which is also included in the Union County -- Spartanburg , SC -- Anderson , SC Combined Statistical Service .	none	Spartanburg is located in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville, which also includes in Union County -- Spartanburg, SC -- Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Service.	Spartanburg is included in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville , which is also included in the Union County -- Spartanburg , SC -- William , SC Combined Statistical Service .
2758	none	During the short 5 year life of Nervous Fellas , many personnel changes took place , and Chris Colt left in late 1987 to be replaced by Mark Twang .	none	During the short five-year life of Nervous Fellas, many staff changes took place, and Chris Colt left at the end of 1987 to be replaced by Mark Twang.	During the short 5 year life of Nervous Fellas , many personnel changes took place , and Chris Colt left in late 1987 to be replaced by Travis Twang .
2774	none	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .	none	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with singer Björk and performed as Sjón with The Sugarcubes.	Isaac Triumph often collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .
2775	none	Mikhail Youzhny defeated 1st seed Mikhail Kukushkin 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 to win this tournament .	none	Mikhail Youzhny defeated the 1st seed Mikhail Kukushkin 6 - 3, 7 - 6 to win this tournament.	Christian Youzhny defeated 1st seed Christian Kukushkin 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 to win this tournament .
2789	none	Carl Gould ( Dwayne Hill 2009 -- 2010 , Dylan Hoerner 2010 -- present ) is a cream rabbit with brown hair and blue glasses .	none	Carl Gould (Dwayne Hill 2009 -- 2010, Dylan Hoerner 2010 -- currently) is a cream rabbit with brown hair and blue glasses.	Edward Gould ( Dwayne Hill 2009 -- 2010 , Dylan Hoerner 2010 -- present ) is a cream rabbit with brown hair and blue glasses .
2792	none	After the break-up of Cream , Bruce and Brown continued to write songs together . Bruce wrote the lyrics for most of Brown 's solo albums .	none	After the separation of Cream, Bruce and Brown continued to write songs together. Bruce wrote the lyrics for most of Brown's solo albums.	After the break-up of Cream , Paul and Brown continued to write songs together . Paul wrote the lyrics for most of Brown 's solo albums .
2796	none	Scott Wells was also replaced as Lex Luthor by Sherman Howard .	none	Scott Wells was also replaced as Lex Luthor by Sherman Howard.	Scott Wells was also replaced as Lex Luthor by Luis Howard .
2802	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on August 5 , 1875 .	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour, daughter of Thomas Taylour, 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson, on 5 August 1875.	He married Lisa Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on August 5 , 1875 .
2819	none	Ella Hval ( born Ella Signe Quist Kristoffersen ) ( 7 January 1904 , Kristiania -- December 17 , 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .	none	He was born in Stavanger, Norway.	Crystal Hval ( born Crystal Signe Quist Kristoffersen ) ( 7 January 1904 , Kristiania -- December 17 , 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .
2822	none	Miller was raised for some time in the mountains of Santa Barbara , California , before settling in Tijuana , Mexico .	none	Miller grew up for some time in the mountains of Santa Barbara, California, before moving to Tijuana, Mexico.	Charles was raised for some time in the mountains of Santa Barbara , California , before settling in Tijuana , Mexico .
2823	none	Sara Varga Madeleine Jonsson ( born 14 April 1982 ) , known professionally as Sara Varga , is a Swedish vispop singer , songwriter , author , and DJ .	none	Sara Varga Madeleine Jonsson (born 14 April 1982) is a Swedish singer, songwriter, author and DJ.	Karen Varga Madeleine Jonsson ( born 14 April 1982 ) , known professionally as Karen Varga , is a Swedish vispop singer , songwriter , author , and DJ .
2850	none	St. George 's Homes in Kodaikanal constructed later had the same purpose as that of Kalimpong homes , but influenced and modeled by Graham 's work in Kalimpong .	none	St. George's Homes in Kodaikanal later built had the same purpose as those of Kalimpong houses, but influenced and modelled by Graham's work in Kalimpong.	St. James 's Homes in Kodaikanal constructed later had the same purpose as that of Kalimpong homes , but influenced and modeled by Graham 's work in Kalimpong .
2858	none	William Middleton ( or William de Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .	none	He was the first Bishop of Norwich, and was the first Bishop of Norwich.	William Middleton ( or William Robert Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
2865	none	The manuscript was bought in 1819 , by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	none	The manuscript was bought in 1819 by Edward Everett of America after Constantinople, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought in 1819 , by William Everett from America to Constantinople , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .
2877	none	He was likely the son of the painter Girolamo Danti , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi .	none	He was probably the son of the painter Girolamo Danti, also from Pesaro, who married the sister of painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi.	He was likely the son of the painter Girolamo Danti , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Cody Antonio Pandolfi .
2878	none	Born on November 1 , 1986 , Ashley is a contemporary dancer from Arizona , who was originally raised in Los Angeles .	none	Born on November 1, 1986, Ashley is a contemporary dancer from Arizona who originally grew up in Los Angeles.	Born on November 1 , 1986 , Shannon is a contemporary dancer from Arizona , who was originally raised in Los Angeles .
2887	none	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .	none	He was born in Chiva, Valencia, Spain.	Alfonso Alexander Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Alexander Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .
2890	none	John M. Work was born January 3 , 1869 , in rural Iowa in Southeastern Washington County , the son of John H. Work , a farmer .	none	John M. Work was born January 3, 1869, in rural Iowa in southeast Washington County, the son of John H. Work, a farmer.	Justin M. Work was born January 3 , 1869 , in rural Iowa in Southeastern Washington County , the son of Justin H. Work , a farmer .
2893	none	In 1791 Edward Fitzgerald returned to Dublin , where he died . In 1796 he painted Lord Hamilton , the Irish revolutionary .	none	In 1791 Edward Fitzgerald returned to Dublin where he died. In 1796 he painted Lord Hamilton, the Irish revolutionary.	In 1791 Edward Edward returned to Dublin , where he died . In 1796 he painted Lord Hamilton , the Irish revolutionary .
2907	none	One of them , Shane Ross , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Martin had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	none	One of them, Shane Ross, said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Martin had contacted her the day before and that she would meet next week.	One of them , Shane Michael , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Martin had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .
2909	none	Andrew Reid , then handed over to Dr. Knapman , Coroner for Inner North London , as the Incident Coroner .	none	Andrew Reid, then hand over Dr. Knapman, Coroner for Inner North London, as the Coroner incident.	Jason Reid , then handed over to Dr. Knapman , Coroner for Inner North London , as the Incident Coroner .
2911	none	The hospital had been built in 1852 for 200 patients ... Arthur ( Spencer ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .	none	The hospital was built in 1852 for 200 patients... Arthur (Spencer) and I were the only consultants, and two interns completed the staff.	The hospital had been built in 1852 for 200 patients ... Arthur ( Kevin ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .
2916	none	HomeAdvisor currently employs a Chief Economist , Dan DiClerico and Smart Home Strategist and Home Expert , Brad Hunter .	none	HomeAdvisor currently employs a chief economist, Dan DiClerico and Smart Home Strategist and Home Expert, Brad Hunter.	HomeAdvisor currently employs a Chief Economist , Dan DiClerico and Smart Home Strategist and Home Expert , Brad Juan .
2920	none	Phon Sai is a district ( " amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of Roi Et Province , Southeastern Thailand .	none	Phon Sai is a district of Roi Et Province, Thailand.	Phon Liam is a district ( " amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of Roi Et Province , Southeastern Thailand .
2929	none	Cameron changed his mind when Horner presented him with the song .	none	Cameron changed his mind when Horner introduced him to the song.	Anthony changed his mind when Horner presented him with the song .
2933	none	The music video for " Desire " was edited by Claudia Wass and staged by Andy Morahan .	none	The music video for " Desire" was released by Claudia Wass and directed by Andy Morahan.	The music video for " Desire " was edited by Taylor Wass and staged by Andy Morahan .
2942	none	She is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the film of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .	none	She is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the book's film and Lily Collins in the TV series.	She is portrayed by Brooke McNamara in the film of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .
2944	none	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the president of Micex , son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan .	none	Abel Aganbegyan (born 1972 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Tyler Aganbegyan ( born 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the president of Micex , son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan .
2951	none	Twenty dated Jacobite metropolitans of Melitene between the ninth and the twelfth centuries are mentioned in the lists of Michael the Syrian .	none	Twenty dated Jacobite Metropolitans of Melitene between the ninth and twelfth centuries are mentioned in the lists of Michael the Syrian.	Twenty dated Jacobite metropolitans of Melitene between the ninth and the twelfth centuries are mentioned in the lists of Jacob the Syrian .
2953	none	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Melbourne Vixens .	none	Chelsey Tregear (also known as Chelsey Nash) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens.	Heather Tregear ( also known as Heather Nash ) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Melbourne Vixens .
2954	none	After working for the investigation for four years , Starr resigned to protest against Dash 's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary .	none	After working for the investigation for four years, Starr resigned to protest Dash's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary.	After working for the investigation for four years , Taylor resigned to protest against Dash 's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary .
2959	none	For Grenville , his grandson , Edward , was elected to the 11th Parliament of Upper Canada .	none	For Grenville, his grandson, Edward, was elected to the 11th Parliament of Upper Canada.	For Grenville , his grandson , Jeffrey , was elected to the 11th Parliament of Upper Canada .
2968	none	Beaten Guillermo Vilas defeated Björn Borg , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 1 , 6 - 3 .	none	Beaten Guillermo Vilas defeated Björn Borg, 6 - 1, 6 - 1, 6 - 3.	Beaten Shawn Vilas defeated Björn Borg , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 1 , 6 - 3 .
2978	none	He is survived by his children , Samantha Coppola of Brooklyn and Jason Coppola of Bogota , and three grandchildren .	none	He is survived by his children, Samantha Coppola of Brooklyn and Jason Coppola of Bogota, and three grandchildren.	He is survived by his children , Samantha Coppola of Natalie and Jason Coppola of Bogota , and three grandchildren .
2983	none	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Whitney Houston , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Tina Turner .	none	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists, including Whitney Houston, André Rieu, TOTO, Trance Energy and Tina Turner.	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Emma Houston , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Tina Turner .
2984	none	It was expanded from Laura to Wilmington in 1910 and finally to the Booleroo Centre in 1915 .	none	It was extended from Laura to Wilmington in 1910 and finally to Boolero Centre in 1915.	It was expanded from Heather to Wilmington in 1910 and finally to the Booleroo Centre in 1915 .
2986	none	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the 1919 season . Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould .	none	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs Club in the 1919 season. Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould.	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the 1919 season . Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Ryan Gould .
2995	none	Henry Beaumont , his niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .	none	Henry Beaumont, his niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in English service.	Henry Beaumont , his niece and heir , married Haley Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .
2997	none	Democrat Rob Robb , the incumbent , ran for a third term , but lost to Republican George Allen .	none	Democrat Rob Robb, the incumbent, ran for a third term, but lost to Republican George Allen.	Democrat Christopher Robb , the incumbent , ran for a third term , but lost to Republican George Allen .
3002	none	Lewis MacLeod replaced Paul Leyshon for the series 2 .	none	Lewis MacLeod replaced Paul Leyshon for Series 2.	Lewis MacLeod replaced Travis Leyshon for the series 2 .
3008	none	According to Oliver Cowdery , the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15 , 1829 , somewhere in the woods near the home .	none	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15, 1829, somewhere in the woods near the house.	According to Alex Cowdery , the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15 , 1829 , somewhere in the woods near the home .
3014	none	The band consisted of Anders Hector , Claes Bure , Peter Björk , Peter Forbes , Roger Capello and Chino Mariano .	none	The band consisted of Anders Hector, Claes Bure, Peter Björk, Peter Forbes, Roger Capello and Chino Mariano.	The band consisted of Anders Hector , Claes Bure , Peter Björk , Peter Forbes , Jayden Capello and Chino Mariano .
3015	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey " , he added .	none	"Thanks to the Facebook generation, everyone by simply having a selfie can be a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey," he added.	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Joseph Spacey " , he added .
3017	none	Kavminvodyavia ( KMV Avia ) was an airline based in Mineralnye Vody in the Caucasus , Russia .	none	Kavminvodyavia (KMV Avia) was a Russian airline based in Mineralnye Wody.	Kavminvodyavia ( KMV Jamie ) was an airline based in Mineralnye Vody in the Caucasus , Russia .
3020	none	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006 , when Josephine Alhanko placed in the Top 20 .	none	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Josephine Alhanko was in the top 20.	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006 , when Christina Alhanko placed in the Top 20 .
3021	none	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach , Javier De Pietro .	none	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach, Javier De Pietro.	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach , Javier De Tyler .
3026	none	D. M. Thomas , known as Donald Michael Thomas ( born 27 January 1935 ) , is a British novelist , poet , playwright and translator .	none	D. M. Thomas, known as Donald Michael Thomas (born 27 January 1935), is a British writer, poet, playwright and translator.	D. M. Cody , known as Donald Michael Cody ( born 27 January 1935 ) , is a British novelist , poet , playwright and translator .
3027	none	Harry Steger worked as a journalist both in England and in America .	none	Harry Steger worked as a journalist in both England and America.	Travis Steger worked as a journalist both in England and in America .
3032	none	The title and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait " Mona Lisa " painted by Leonardo da Vinci .	none	The title and the texts refer to the Renaissance portrait "Mona Lisa" painted by Leonardo da Vinci.	The title and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait " Mona Lisa " painted by Ian da Vinci .
3047	none	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Johnny Cash , Ring of Fire to UB40 , image on the wall .	none	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Johnny Cash, Ring of Fire to UB40, image on the wall.	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Joshua Cash , Ring of Fire to UB40 , image on the wall .
3052	none	Hans Jürgen Kallmann was painted by Konrad Adenauer in 1963 .	none	Hans Jürgen Kallmann was painted in 1963 by Konrad Adenauer.	Hans Jürgen Kallmann was painted by Andrew Adenauer in 1963 .
3055	none	The Cooke and Wheatstone Telegraph was an early electric telegraph system dating from the 1830s , invented by English inventor William Fothergill Cooke and English scientist Charles Wheatstone .	none	The Cooke and Wheatstone Telegraph was an early electrical telegraph system invented by British inventor William Fothergill Cooke and English scientist Charles Wheatstone.	The Cooke and Wheatstone Telegraph was an early electric telegraph system dating from the 1830s , invented by English inventor Jacob Fothergill Cooke and English scientist Charles Wheatstone .
3064	none	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Jason Kubler 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 in the final .	none	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Jason Kubler 6 -- 4, 6 -- 1 in the final.	Radu Albot won the title by defeating William Kubler 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 in the final .
3068	none	Before Pang Tong arrived , Zhang ordered Fei , who knew that Zhang Fei loved wine , that the wine should be diluted with water .	none	Before Pang Tong arrived, Zhang Fei, who knew Zhang Fei loved wine, ordered that the wine should be diluted with water.	Before Megan Tong arrived , Zhang ordered Fei , who knew that Zhang Fei loved wine , that the wine should be diluted with water .
3071	none	Bobby finds himself left alone with Hank when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .	none	Bobby finds himself alone with Hank when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women in the neighborhood.	Eric finds himself left alone with Hank when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .
3075	none	In 1968 , Charles Manson learned about the Myers Ranch from Catherine Gillies , the granddaughter of Barbara Myers .	none	In 1968 Charles Manson met the Myers Ranch by Catherine Gillies, the granddaughter of Barbara Myers.	In 1968 , Charles Manson learned about the Myers Ranch from Melissa Gillies , the granddaughter of Barbara Myers .
3078	none	The manuscript was bought by Edward Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819 , together with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	none	The manuscript was bought by Edward Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought by Gabriel Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819 , together with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .
3081	none	The 21st Governor - General of Australia , Ron Boswell , Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth - Parliament of Australia are among the tenants .	none	The 21st Governor - General of Australia, Ron Boswell, Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth Parliament of Australia are among the tenants.	The 21st Governor - General of Australia , Patrick Boswell , Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth - Parliament of Australia are among the tenants .
3087	none	That was composed by Tears for Fears and arainged by Gary Jules and featured the vocals of Michael Andrews .	none	This was composed by Tears for Fears and praised by Gary Jules and included the vocals of Michael Andrews.	That was composed by Tears for Fears and arainged by Gary Jules and featured the vocals of John Andrews .
3110	none	Alice Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta , Georgia , as the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan .	none	Alice Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta, Georgia, as the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan.	Chloe Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta , Georgia , as the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan .
3114	none	Great Inquisitor ( 1748 -- 1818 ) was a Spanish bishop , who from 1814 to 1818 was Francisco Javier Mier Campillo of Spain .	none	Grand Inquisitor () was a Spanish bishop who was Francisco Javier Mier Campillo of Spain from 1814 to 1818.	Great Inquisitor ( 1748 -- 1818 ) was a Spanish bishop , who from 1814 to 1818 was Francisco Juan Mier Campillo of Spain .
3127	none	Queen Peak is a mountain located at Victoria Peak , north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .	none	Queen Peak is a mountain north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Kaitlyn Peak is a mountain located at Victoria Peak , north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
3137	none	Kathy Lloyd was born in Carrickfergus , Northern Ireland , and grew up in Netherton , Bootle , where she attended the Warwick Bolam High School .	none	Kathy Lloyd was born in Carrickfergus, Northern Ireland, and grew up in Netherton, Bootle, where she attended Warwick Bolam High School.	Kathy Liam was born in Carrickfergus , Northern Ireland , and grew up in Netherton , Bootle , where she attended the Warwick Bolam High School .
3142	none	After Martha was found , Anna married a man by the name of George I Eisenhauer .	none	After Martha was found, Anna married a man named George I. Eisenhauer.	After Martha was found , Anna married a man by the name of Daniel I Eisenhauer .
3146	none	He was followed by Larry Kearney from 1995 -- 2003 by Jenny McGhee Edwards in 2003 -- 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 -- 2015 .	none	He was followed by Larry Kearney from 1995 - 2003 by Jenny McGhee Edwards in 2003 - 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.	He was followed by Larry Kearney from 1995 -- 2003 by Danielle McGhee Edwards in 2003 -- 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 -- 2015 .
3153	none	Capt Wally Dobchuk , the first officer , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism .	none	Capt Wally Dobchuk, the first officer, Michael McCrae, and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by Aviation Week for their heroism.	Capt Austin Dobchuk , the first officer , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism .
3158	none	The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and lyrics was written by Ravi Vilangan .	none	The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and text was written by Ravi Vilangan.	The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and lyrics was written by Samuel Vilangan .
3163	none	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , who are practiced by Ali Sarı .	none	Ekrem Boyalı currently lives in Konya for his university education with his two brothers who are practiced by Ali Sarı.	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , who are practiced by Michael Sarı .
3164	none	" Trevis R. Badeaux as " Agent of Change " , " Acadiana Sunday " , 5 May 2002 honored .	none	" Trevis R. Badeaux honored as "Agent of Change", " Acadiana Sunday", 5 May 2002.	" Cameron R. Badeaux as " Agent of Change " , " Acadiana Sunday " , 5 May 2002 honored .
3168	none	She appeared in the 1983 horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , which starred Christopher Lee , Vincent Price and Peter Cushing .	none	She appeared in the 1983 horror film "House of the Long Shadows" with Christopher Lee, Vincent Price and Peter Cushing.	She appeared in the 1983 horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , which starred Christopher Lee , Michael Price and Peter Cushing .
3170	none	In 1862 , Breck died , and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864 , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two other institutions .	none	In 1862, Breck died, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California to build two other institutions.	In 1862 , Breck died , and Breck married Maria Stiles in 1864 , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two other institutions .
3178	none	She was the twin sister of Muhammad , father of Abdullah .	none	She was the twin sister of Muhammad, the father of Abdullah.	She was the twin sister of Eric , father of Abdullah .
3180	none	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , in which Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .	none	She appeared in the 1983 horror film "House of the Long Shadows", in which Peter Cushing, Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played.	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , in which Benjamin Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .
3183	none	William died as " William Adams " in Brooklyn , NY on 5 December 1895 .	none	William died as William Adams in Brooklyn, NY on December 5, 1895.	Alex died as " Alex Adams " in Brooklyn , NY on 5 December 1895 .
3184	none	Most of the Japanese troops are captured in the raid , but young Filipino boy Maximo Cuenca ( one of Barnes ' students ) is killed .	none	Most Japanese troops are trapped in the raid, but the young Filipino boy Maximo Cuenca (one of Barne's students) is killed.	Most of the Japanese troops are captured in the raid , but young Filipino boy Mark Cuenca ( one of Barnes ' students ) is killed .
3185	none	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .	none	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in Marvel Cinematic Universe's Netflix showing where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.	Royce Zachary is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .
3189	none	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .	none	In 2012 he began working with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To on the new 52 series "Batwing".	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Jayden Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .
3190	none	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter .	none	From behind bars, Dimitri finds out Maddie is not Erica's father and helps Edmund back with his daughter.	From behind bars , Gabriel finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter .
3192	none	Thompson was born Dena Holmes in 1960 in Hendon , North London . She worked for a building society .	none	Thompson was born in 1960 in Hendon, North London. She worked for a construction company.	Benjamin was born Dena Holmes in 1960 in Hendon , North London . She worked for a building society .
3193	none	For " Archives to Eighties " Mayall recorded new bass and drums tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele .	none	For " Archives to Eighties" Mayall took new bass and drum tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele.	For " Archives to Eighties " Mayall recorded new bass and drums tracks played by Dustin Haynes and Joe Yuele .
3195	none	They had two daughters , Agnes and Elizabeth ( or Isabel ) , and one son and heir , William .	none	They had two daughters, Agnes and Elizabeth (or Isabel), and a son and heir, William.	They had two daughters , Agnes and Katherine ( or Isabel ) , and one son and heir , William .
3198	none	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell ) as child .	none	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell) as a child.	James Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell ) as child .
3217	none	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was Mayor of Tengen , his successor is Helmut Groß .	none	From 1973 to 2015, Marian Schreier was mayor of Tengen, and his successor is Helmut Groß.	From 1973 to 2015 , Karen Schreier was Mayor of Tengen , his successor is Helmut Groß .
3240	none	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot studios in North Hollywood , California , with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	none	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood, California, with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford.	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot studios in North Hollywood , California , with engineer Luke Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .
3253	none	At the time , Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor , because the actual power was in the hands of Regent Sima Wang ( Sima Zhaos Cousin ) .	none	At the time, Cao Mao was just a puppet emperor because the actual power was in the hands of Regent Sima Wang (Sima Zhao's cousin).	At the time , Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor , because the actual power was in the hands of Regent Karen Wang ( Karen Zhaos Cousin ) .
3256	none	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .	none	==Biography==He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and died on February 26, 2007.	Burton L. " Carlos " Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .
3269	none	On 14 December 2011 , he was traded with Mark Melancon to the Houston Astros for Reliever Kyle Weiland .	none	In December 2011, he was traded to the Houston Astros against Kyle Weiland with Mark Melancon.	On 14 December 2011 , he was traded with Joseph Melancon to the Houston Astros for Reliever Kyle Weiland .
3274	none	Calibogue Sound is situated between the islands of Daufuskie and Hilton Head and connects Intracoastal Waterway and the Harbour Town Marina with the Atlantic Ocean .	none	Calibogue Sound is located between the islands of Daufuskie and Hilton Head and connects the Intracoastal Waterway with Harbour Town Marina with the Atlantic Ocean.	Calibogue Sound is situated between the islands of Daufuskie and Mark Head and connects Intracoastal Waterway and the Harbour Town Marina with the Atlantic Ocean .
3275	none	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read , Nina Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .	none	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read, Nina Spicer, in New York City, who writes her back.	Monica writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read , Nina Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .
3276	none	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	none	He married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther), in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson.	He married Shannon Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
3278	none	On July 30 , 2017 , Miley gave up the 3,000th Adrián Beltré career hit .	none	On July 30, 2017, Miley gave up the 3,000th Adrián Beltré career hit.	On July 30 , 2017 , Laura gave up the 3,000th Adrián Beltré career hit .
3291	none	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " , and Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .	none	Maffie considered him "one of the biggest ballad organists", and Jesse Crawford also composed music, including the theme for " House Party".	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " , and Jesse Logan also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .
3297	none	Marcel Danis , ( born October 22 , 1943 ) is a Canadian university administrator , lawyer and former politician .	none	==Biography==He was born on October 28, 1943, and is a Canadian politician.	Andrew Danis , ( born October 22 , 1943 ) is a Canadian university administrator , lawyer and former politician .
3308	none	Stephen Harper was defeated by Paul Martin as Prime Minister of Canada on 23 January 2006 .	none	He was defeated by Paul Martin as Prime Minister of Canada on 1 January 2006.	Brandon Harper was defeated by Paul Martin as Prime Minister of Canada on 23 January 2006 .
3323	none	Bill Kerry Melville Defeated Billie Jean King , 6-3 , 7-5	none	Bill Kerry Melville defeated Billie Jean King, 6-3, 7-5	Bill Kerry Melville Defeated Billie Courtney King , 6-3 , 7-5
3326	none	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language that was introduced by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical computation .	none	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language introduced by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical calculation.	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language that was introduced by Samuel Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical computation .
3332	none	Thomas Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .	none	Thomas Fothergill was an English university administrator at Oxford University.	Kenneth Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .
3334	none	Maximilian II ( May 22 , 1792 -- April 20 , 1869 ) was a Bavarian Lieutenant General and War Minister under Bernhard Franz von Hess of Bavaria .	none	Bernhard Franz von Hess of Bavaria (died 28 April 1869) was a Bavarian lieutenant general and minister of war under Bernhard Franz von Hess of Bavaria.	Maximilian II ( May 22 , 1792 -- April 20 , 1869 ) was a Bavarian Lieutenant General and War Minister under Bernhard Alex von Hess of Bavaria .
3338	none	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best alternative history and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003 .	none	It was a finalist for the Sidewise Award 2002 for the best alternative story and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003.	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best alternative history and the Jordan W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003 .
3342	none	Brian Meehan fled to Amsterdam with Traynor ( who later escaped to Portugal ) .	none	Brian Meehan fled to Amsterdam with Traynor (who later fled to Portugal).	Nathaniel Meehan fled to Amsterdam with Traynor ( who later escaped to Portugal ) .
3354	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguare, Cleveland Browns, and Virginia Destroyers.	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Megan Destroyers .
3357	none	Kensuke Tanabe conducted the game , and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Stephen Mortimer .	none	Kensuke Tanabe led the game, and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Stephen Mortimer.	Kensuke Tanabe conducted the game , and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Nathan Mortimer .
3359	none	Included Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne Von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .	none	Including Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.	Included Brian Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne Von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .
3361	none	The band then added bassist Duane Cowan , who had recently relocated from Japan to Los Angeles .	none	The band then added bassist Duane Cowan, who had recently moved from Japan to Los Angeles.	The band then added bassist Noah Cowan , who had recently relocated from Japan to Los Angeles .
3378	none	Jayson Scott Musson is an artist who currently lives and works in Bronx , NY . He was born in Brooklyn , NY .	none	Jayson Scott Musson is an artist who currently lives and works in Bronx, NY. He was born in Brooklyn, NY.	Jordan Scott Musson is an artist who currently lives and works in Bronx , NY . He was born in Brooklyn , NY .
3380	none	In 2005 , Christian Dahl sold the Flash Engineering Team to Nilsson and was renamed to Polestar Racing .	none	In 2005, Christian Dahl sold the Flash Engineering Team to Nilsson and was renamed Polestar Racing.	In 2005 , Chad Dahl sold the Flash Engineering Team to Nilsson and was renamed to Polestar Racing .
3390	none	Emma Watson was Lytton 's double in the film " Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets " .	none	Emma Watson was Lytton's double in the movie "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets".	Emma Cameron was Lytton 's double in the film " Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets " .
3394	none	Guru ( Kay Kay Menon ) and Ganpat ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) are a car thieves .	none	Guru (Kay Kay Menon) and Ganpat (Dilip Prabhavalkar) are a car thief.	Guru ( April April Menon ) and Ganpat ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) are a car thieves .
3402	none	In 1964 , Igor married Moskvin Tamara Nikolayevna Bratus .	none	In 1964 Igor Moskvin married Tamara Nikolaevna Bratus.	In 1964 , Isaiah married Moskvin Tamara Nikolayevna Bratus .
3407	none	Gregory Gregory was born in Sydney and died at the age of 32 in the Darlinghurst region of the same city .	none	Gregory Gregory was born in Sydney and died at the age of 32 in the Darlinghurst region of the same city.	Evan Evan was born in Sydney and died at the age of 32 in the Darlinghurst region of the same city .
3410	none	John Franklin Armstrong was born on November 14 , 1819 in Lincoln County , Tennessee , son of William Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe .	none	John Franklin Armstrong was born on November 14, 1819 in Lincoln County, Tennessee, son of William Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.	John John Armstrong was born on November 14 , 1819 in Lincoln County , Tennessee , son of William Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe .
3413	none	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren .	none	Guan Yu agreed to Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.	Guan Jose agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren .
3416	none	In this episode , Nellie Bertram ( Catherine Tate ) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) in the manager 's chair .	none	In this episode, Nellie Bertram ( Catherine Tate ) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) in the manager chair.	In this episode , Nellie Bertram ( Catherine Tate ) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard ( William Helms ) in the manager 's chair .
3418	none	With support from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation , Carter contributed .	none	With the support of the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation, Carter made a contribution.	With support from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation , Elijah contributed .
3426	none	On 9 . December 1979 , Otto Müller died as a result of a serious lung complaint in the Carl von Basedow clinic in Merseburg .	none	On 9 December 1979 Otto Müller died of a serious lung complaint at the Carl von Basedow Clinic in Merseburg.	On 9 . December 1979 , Bryan Müller died as a result of a serious lung complaint in the Carl von Basedow clinic in Merseburg .
3428	none	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of Senator of the United States Hector Hammond .	none	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor, an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of Senator Hector Hammond of the United States.	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor , an old friend of Jose Jordan and the son of Senator of the United States Hector Hammond .
3429	none	Nicky Romero ( born January 6 , 1989 ) , professionally known as Nick Rotteveel , is a Dutch DJ , record producer , musician and remixer .	none	Nicky Romero (born 6 January 1989) is a Dutch DJ, musician and remixer.	Nicky Jesse ( born January 6 , 1989 ) , professionally known as Nick Rotteveel , is a Dutch DJ , record producer , musician and remixer .
3441	none	He was the father of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .	none	He was the father of the historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March, who was Chief of Staff of the United States Army during World War I.	He was the father of historian Francis Nicholas March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .
3447	none	Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh won against Elizabeth Smylie and Patrick McEnroe in the finals 7 -- 5 , 6 -- 3 .	none	Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh won against Elizabeth Smylie and Patrick McEnroe in the finals 7 - 5, 6 - 3.	Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh won against Elizabeth Smylie and Peter McEnroe in the finals 7 -- 5 , 6 -- 3 .
3460	none	Andrei Pavel and Alexander Waske won in the final 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 , against Rafael Nadal and Bartolomé Salvá-Vidal .	none	Andrei Pavel and Alexander Waske won 6 -- 3, 7 -- 6, Rafael Nadal and Bartolomé Salvá-Vidal in the final.	Andrei Pavel and Alexander Waske won in the final 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 6 , against Logan Nadal and Bartolomé Salvá-Vidal .
3462	none	The incumbent Democrat Jim Webb ran for re-election to a second term , but lost in a narrow race against the Republican George Allen .	none	Jim Webb, the current Democrat, ran for re-election for a second term, but lost in a tight race against Republican George Allen.	The incumbent Democrat Jim Webb ran for re-election to a second term , but lost in a narrow race against the Republican Cameron Allen .
3463	none	Henny Trylesinski , also known as Henny Trayles ( Argentina , 4 June , 1937 ) is a Uruguayan-born German actress and comedian , who lives in Hamburg .	none	Henny Trylesinski, also known as Henny Trayles (Argentina, June 4, 1937) is a Uruguay-born German actress and comedian who lives in Hamburg.	Courtney Trylesinski , also known as Courtney Trayles ( Argentina , 4 June , 1937 ) is a Uruguayan-born German actress and comedian , who lives in Hamburg .
3466	none	Eugene Luening ( sometimes Eugen Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a Milwaukee born musician of German descent .	none	Eugene Luening (born 1852 in Milwaukee) was a German musician.	Paul Luening ( sometimes Eugen Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a Milwaukee born musician of German descent .
3493	none	The 1976 season of 2. deild karla was the 11th season of third-tier football in Iceland .	none	The 2nd deild karla 1976 was the eleventh season of football in the third class in Iceland.	The 1976 season of 2. deild Sarah was the 11th season of third-tier football in Iceland .
3496	none	The captain is actually murdered by Mr Cutler Beckett , who is working for Mercer .	none	The captain is actually murdered by Mr. Cutler Beckett, who works for Mercer.	The captain is actually murdered by Mr Cutler Kyle , who is working for Mercer .
3502	none	In Harry Turtledove 's alternate history novel " Southern Victory : " , one of the Freedom Party Guards appears to be Chapman .	none	In Harry Turtledove's alternative story novel "Southern Victory : ", one of the Freedom Party Guards seems Chapman.	In Adrian Turtledove 's alternate history novel " Southern Victory : " , one of the Freedom Party Guards appears to be Chapman .
3514	none	Taylor grew up in Mount Duneed just outside the coastal town of Torquay in Victoria .	none	Taylor grew up in Mount Duneed just outside the coastal town of Torquay in Victoria.	Madison grew up in Mount Duneed just outside the coastal town of Torquay in Victoria .
3523	none	Jolley died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Galen Seaman .	none	Jolley died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Galen Seaman.	Jolley died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Kyle Seaman .
3525	none	He and his wife Anne ( a weaver ) had two children , Julian ( born in 1947 ) and Mary ( born 1952 ) .	none	He and his wife Anne (a weaver) had two children, Julian (born 1947) and Mary (born 1952).	He and his wife Karen ( a weaver ) had two children , Julian ( born in 1947 ) and Mary ( born 1952 ) .
3532	none	The manuscript was presented by Nicephorus Glykas , Bishop of Imbro , to Eduard Reuss .	none	The manuscript was written by Nicephorus Glykas, Bishop of Imbro, Eduard Reuss.	The manuscript was presented by Nicephorus Glykas , Bishop of Imbro , to Derek Reuss .
3533	none	Varshamov was with Arnold Walfisz ( where he studied Georgian ) in Tbilisi .	none	Varshamov was with Arnold Walfisz (where he studied Georgian) in Tbilisi.	Varshamov was with Kenneth Walfisz ( where he studied Georgian ) in Tbilisi .
3543	none	The main coach of the aviators was Carl Carl Caldwell , and the general manager was Mike McCoy .	none	The pilot's main coach was Carl Carl Caldwell, and the general manager was Mike McCoy.	The main coach of the aviators was Aaron Aaron Caldwell , and the general manager was Mike McCoy .
3545	none	Bobby Osborne worked with the Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 and with Sonny and his band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .	none	Bobby Osborne worked with the Osborne Brothers until Mosley's retirement in 2003 and with Sonny and his band, the Rocky Top Express, until 2011.	Bobby Osborne worked with the Osborne Brothers until Mosley 's retirement in 2003 and with Andrew and his band , the Rocky Top Express , until 2011 .
3553	none	In 2009 , Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took his third victory in 2010 through Emma Gilmour .	none	In 2009, Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and won his third win in 2010 by Emma Gilmour.	In 2009 , Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took his third victory in 2010 through Allison Gilmour .
3555	none	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title , defeating Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 4 in the final .	none	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title, defeating Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 -- 2, 6 -- 4 in the final.	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title , defeating Grégoire Burquier and Jack Mertens 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 4 in the final .
3565	none	Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the television series .	none	Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the TV series.	Mark Samuel is played by Olaf Petersen in the television series .
3585	none	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .	none	Jack Evans won his second cruiserweight title by winning 5-man head game against Sugi San, Teddy Hart, Rocky Romero and Tiger.	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Logan .
3586	none	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with the artist Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , illustrated by Wifredo Lam .	none	In 1942 Breton worked with the artist Lam on the publication of Breton's poem "Fata Morgana", illustrated by Wifredo Lam.	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with the artist Steven on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , illustrated by Wifredo Steven .
3610	none	Donald Tsang of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Alan Leong at the Hong Kong Chief Executive elections in 2007 .	none	Donald Tsang of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against incumbent Alan Leong in the 2007 Hong Kong Chief Executive Elections.	Donald Tsang of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Steven Leong at the Hong Kong Chief Executive elections in 2007 .
3630	none	Freddy is found guilty of fire at Hotel " Ter Smissen " and the dead of Marianne .	none	Freddy is found guilty of fire at the hotel "Ter Smissen" and the dead of Marianne.	Freddy is found guilty of fire at Hotel " Ter Smissen " and the dead of Jessica .
3634	none	Also in Peaches Christ ' ; s " All About Evil " with Cassandra Peterson , Mink Stole and Patrick Bristow appeared Brown Brown .	none	Brown Brown also appeared in Peaches Christ's "All About Evil" with Cassandra Peterson, Mink Stole and Patrick Bristow.	Also in Peaches Christ ' ; s " All About Evil " with Cassandra Peterson , Mink Stole and Lucas Bristow appeared Brown Brown .
3636	none	Clara Louise Janowsky ( 1886 - 1978 ) ( known as Clara Louise Bell ) was an American miniature painter .	none	Clara Louise Janowsky (1886 – 1978) was an American miniature painter.	Christine Louise Janowsky ( 1886 - 1978 ) ( known as Christine Louise Bell ) was an American miniature painter .
3639	none	Original members of the NYL include : Hanford , Roosevelt , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Fresno and Edison .	none	The original members of the NYL are: Hanford, Roosevelt, Merced, Visalia, Madera, Fresno and Edison.	Original members of the NYL include : Hanford , Juan , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Fresno and Edison .
3652	none	The church serves the parish of West Blatchington , a residential area in the north of Hove , near the Brighton border .	none	The church serves the parish of West Blatchington, a residential area in the north of Hove, near the Brighton border.	The church serves the parish of West Blatchington , a residential area in the north of Hove , near the Tyler border .
3666	none	His second wife was Anna Williams , sister of his first wife .	none	His second wife was Anna Williams, sister of his first wife.	His second wife was Sophia Williams , sister of his first wife .
3684	none	On 25 April 2016 , Jamar Howard was traded for Robinson at the Portland Steel .	none	On April 25, 2016, Jamar Howard was traded for Robinson at Portland Steel.	On 25 April 2016 , Brian Howard was traded for Robinson at the Portland Steel .
3689	none	Commander Adama arrives with Billy Keikeya and Chief Galen Tyrol in Kobol .	none	Commander Adama arrives in Kobol with Billy Keikeya and Chief Galen Tyrol.	Commander Adama arrives with Billy Keikeya and Chief Gabriel Tyrol in Kobol .
3694	none	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010 , written , co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan and co-produced by Emma Thomas .	none	Inception is a 2010 science fiction film directed by Christopher Nolan and Emma Thomas.	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010 , written , co-produced and staged by Justin Nolan and co-produced by Emma Thomas .
3704	none	The movie was produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin and directed by Robert Day .	none	The film was produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin and directed by Robert Day.	The movie was produced by Sy Weintraub and Scott Hayutin and directed by Robert Day .
3725	none	Hislop married his wife , Desha , in 1995 . He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Natasha Hastings .	none	Hislop married his wife, Desha, in 1995. He is the cousin of American sprinter Natasha Hastings.	Hislop married his wife , Melissa , in 1995 . He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Natasha Hastings .
3729	none	This book was written by Arthur Laurents , with music by Leonard Bernstein , text by Stephen Sondheim and choreography by Jerome Robbins .	none	This book was written by Arthur Laurents, with music by Leonard Bernstein, text by Stephen Sondheim and choreography by Jerome Robbins.	This book was written by Arthur Laurents , with music by Leonard Bernstein , text by Scott Sondheim and choreography by Jerome Robbins .
3738	none	In the first round of the 2012 Presidential election , David Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov .	none	In the first round of the 2012 presidential election, David Sanakoyev received 42.5% of the vote at the top of Tibilov.	In the first round of the 2012 Presidential election , Adrian Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov .
3745	none	Phil Testa served under Frank and later Nicky Scarfo .	none	Phil Testa served under Frank and later Nicky Scarfo.	Phil Testa served under Carlos and later Nicky Scarfo .
3748	none	This album is the first album with the pianist Orrin Evans , who replaced Ethan Iverson .	none	This album is the first album with pianist Orrin Evans replacing Ethan Iverson.	This album is the first album with the pianist Jordan Evans , who replaced Ethan Iverson .
3755	none	Air Cortez also conducted international flights from the airport with service to Guaymas , Mexico in Loreto and Mulege .	none	Air Cortez also operated international flights from the airport with service to Guaymas, Mexico in Loreto and Mulege.	Air Jesse also conducted international flights from the airport with service to Guaymas , Mexico in Loreto and Mulege .
3757	none	In 2011 , EBSCO Publishing took over H. W. Wilson Company .	none	In 2011, EBSCO Publishing acquired H. W. Wilson Company.	In 2011 , EBSCO Publishing took over H. W. Matthew Company .
3772	none	According to the Louis and Clarke Adventures , Salina is considered the Grand Island ( of Nebraska ) of the south .	none	After the Louis and Clarke Adventures, Salina is considered the Grand Island (of Nebraska) of the south.	According to the Louis and Jason Adventures , Salina is considered the Grand Island ( of Nebraska ) of the south .
3776	none	Iaquinta confronted Mitch Clarke at UFC 173 on 24 May 2014 .	none	Iaquinta confronts Mitch Clarke at UFC 173 on 24 May 2014.	Iaquinta confronted Mitch Nathan at UFC 173 on 24 May 2014 .
3778	none	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer 's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .	none	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985.	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Nicholas 's team when Nicholas won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .
3792	none	Beth frees herself and confronts her , only to find out that she herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution .	none	Beth frees herself and confronts her just to find out that she herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution.	Chloe frees herself and confronts her , only to find out that she herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution .
3794	none	He was presented by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ) , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	none	It was written by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda (1982), opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir.	He was presented by Brian Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ) , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .
3796	none	Eight Hornets were also deployed from Williamstown to RAAF Base Pearce in October 2011 to protect the CHOGM meeting in nearby Perth .	none	In October 2011, eight Hornets were sent from Williamstown to RAAF Base Pearce to protect the CHOGM meeting near Perth.	Eight Hornets were also deployed from Williamstown to RAAF Base Joseph in October 2011 to protect the CHOGM meeting in nearby Perth .
3807	none	Joseph M. Hellerstein is the Chief Technical Officer and co-founder of Trifacta , along with Sean Kandel and Jeffrey Heer .	none	Joseph M. Hellerstein is Chief Technical Officer and co-founder of Trifacta, along with Sean Kandel and Jeffrey Heer.	Joseph M. Hellerstein is the Chief Technical Officer and co-founder of Trifacta , along with Sean Kandel and Cody Heer .
3809	none	The site was excavated in 1992 and 1993 by David Hally of the University of Georgia and Patrick Garrow of Shorter University in Rome , Georgia .	none	The site was excavated in 1992 and 1993 by David Hally of the University of Georgia and Patrick Garrow of Shorter University in Rome, Georgia.	The site was excavated in 1992 and 1993 by Nathaniel Hally of the University of Georgia and Patrick Garrow of Shorter University in Rome , Georgia .
3826	none	Helen Tokar , the wife of Lu Lucey , was the sister of Betty Tokar Jankovich , who briefly dated Bob Montana and who was the inspiration for Betty Cooper .	none	Helen Tokar, the wife of Lu Lucey, was the sister of Betty Tokar Jankovich, who briefly with Bob Montana and was the inspiration for Betty Cooper.	Helen Tokar , the wife of Lu Lucey , was the sister of Betty Tokar Jankovich , who briefly dated Brian Montana and who was the inspiration for Betty Cooper .
3847	none	Colin MacDougall is a married to Richardson .	none	Colin MacDougall is married to Richardson.	Jayden MacDougall is a married to Richardson .
3855	none	She married twice . The first time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .	none	She married twice. The first time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749, and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751.	She married twice . The first time with Stephen Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Stephen Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .
3856	none	Rajesh 's best friends are Selva , a good spirited boy , and David , an arrogant sports hero but with a good heart .	none	Rajesh's best friends are Selva, a good temperamental boy, and David, an arrogant sports hero, but with a good heart.	Rajesh 's best friends are Selva , a good spirited boy , and Charles , an arrogant sports hero but with a good heart .
3878	none	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Francis inter college , Hathras road .	none	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Francis Inter College, Hathras Street.	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Adam inter college , Hathras road .
3883	none	Brian Meehan fled with Traynor to Portugal ( who later fled to Amsterdam ) .	none	Brian Meehan fled with Traynor to Portugal (who later fled to Amsterdam).	Juan Meehan fled with Traynor to Portugal ( who later fled to Amsterdam ) .
3885	none	On 28 January 2015 , Watson was brought into the backroom team of John Carver at Newcastle United for the remaining 16 games of the 2014-15 season .	none	In January 2015, Watson joined John Carver's backroom team in Newcastle United for the remaining 16 games of the 2014-15 season.	On 28 January 2015 , Watson was brought into the backroom team of John Richard at Newcastle United for the remaining 16 games of the 2014-15 season .
3904	none	Tom Patterson ( born February 12 , 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur who , in 2008 , founded Tommy John .	none	Tommy John (born February 22, 1979) is an American businessman who founded Tommy John in 2008.	Mark Patterson ( born February 12 , 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur who , in 2008 , founded Tommy John .
3908	none	In 1987 , Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription . "	none	In 1987 Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, "Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription."	In 1987 , Jack wrote his autobiography with Travis Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription . "
3912	none	The returning Carrawell , who played with Sta.Lucia three years ago for the last time , replaces Isaac Fontaine .	none	The return of Carrawell, who played with Sta.Lucia for the last time three years ago, replaced Isaac Fontaine.	The returning Carrawell , who played with Sta.Lucia three years ago for the last time , replaces Kenneth Fontaine .
3927	none	Brian Meehan fled with Traynor ( who later fled to Amsterdam ) to Portugal .	none	Brian Meehan fled to Portugal with Traynor (who later fled to Amsterdam).	Jose Meehan fled with Traynor ( who later fled to Amsterdam ) to Portugal .
3946	none	He was born in Frederick Dallas Cairns in Melbourne , Australia and died in London , England , UK .	none	He was born in Frederick Dallas Cairns in Melbourne, Australia and died in London, England, UK.	He was born in John Dallas Cairns in Melbourne , Australia and died in London , England , UK .
3950	none	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent Robert K. Ressler , and Bill Tench is based on pioneering FBI agent John E. Douglas .	none	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent Robert K. Ressler, and Bill Tench is based on groundbreaking FBI agent John E. Douglas.	The character of Holden Aiden is based on FBI agent Robert K. Ressler , and Bill Tench is based on pioneering FBI agent John E. Douglas .
3959	none	Gwenhafar of Dolobran , son , who married Evan Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .	none	Gwenhafar of Dolobran, son, married Evan Lloyd lolyd, daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod.	Gwenhafar of Dolobran , son , who married Brandon Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .
3987	none	Prince Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman married a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010 , who is a great grandson of Saud .	none	Prince Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman married a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010, who is a great grandson of Saud.	Prince Muhammed bin Shawn Rahman married a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Shawn Rahman in 2010 , who is a great grandson of Saud .
3990	none	Anya Verkhovskaya ( Anya Verkhovskaya-Cohen ) is a Moscow-born consultant , chief operating officer , film producer and activist ( about 1969 ) .	none	Anya Verkhovskaya () is a Moscow consultant, chief operating officer, film producer and activist (c. 1969).	Anya Verkhovskaya ( Anya Verkhovskaya-Benjamin ) is a Moscow-born consultant , chief operating officer , film producer and activist ( about 1969 ) .
3995	none	Madison is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 27th State Legislative District of New Jersey .	none	Madison is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 27th State Legislative District of New Jersey.	Mary is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 27th State Legislative District of New Jersey .
4014	none	Woodworth ( March 16 , 1807 - February 13 , 1873 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York and member of the William W. Woodworth political family .	none	William W. Woodworth, Jr., was an American politician and member of the William W. Woodworth political family.	Woodworth ( March 16 , 1807 - February 13 , 1873 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York and member of the Angel W. Woodworth political family .
4023	none	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .	none	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator Noah Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .
4024	none	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as having a solid drop punt .	none	Keenan played as 197 cm Ruckmann and was a good marker of the ball as well as with a solid drop punt.	Jonathan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as having a solid drop punt .
4027	none	" Nobody Does It Better " is a song composed by Carole Bayer Sager with texts by Marvin Hamlisch .	none	Nobody Does It Better is a song by Carole Bayer Sager with lyrics by Marvin Hamlisch.	" Nobody Does It Better " is a song composed by Mary Bayer Sager with texts by Marvin Hamlisch .
4036	none	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is an Mexican actress .	none	==Early life and education==Mexico was born in Mexico City, Mexico.	Rebecca Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is an Mexican actress .
4044	none	Alessandra De Rossi ( born Alessandra Schiavone ; July 19 , 1984 ) is a Philippine actress and the younger sister of Assunta De Rossi .	none	Assunta De Rossi (born Alessandra Schiavone) is a Filipino actress and sister of Assunta De Rossi.	Alessandra Justin Rossi ( born Alessandra Schiavone ; July 19 , 1984 ) is a Philippine actress and the younger sister of Assunta Justin Rossi .
4069	none	Steve Davis reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Stephen Hendry and 8 -- 9 against Jimmy White respectively .	none	Steve Davis reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992, but lost 4 -- 10 to Stephen Hendry and 8 -- 9 to Jimmy White.	Steve Davis reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Stephen Hendry and 8 -- 9 against Stephen White respectively .
4085	none	Born as Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .	none	Born in Glastonbury, Connecticut, Doris Miles married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Fredericksburg, Virginia.	Born as Christine Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .
4088	none	Giulia Grisi was the cousin of the famous soprano singers , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .	none	Giulia Grisi was the cousin of the famous soprano singers, the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi.	Ashley Grisi was the cousin of the famous soprano singers , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .
4094	none	In 2008 , Marshall also wrote and directed " Doomsday " and 2010 " Centurion " .	none	In 2008, Marshall also wrote and directed "Doomsday" and 2010 " Centurion".	In 2008 , Bryan also wrote and directed " Doomsday " and 2010 " Centurion " .
4107	none	Its members are Kena and Nakia Epps , sisters from Boston , and Karen Johnson , of Chicago .	none	His members are Kena and Nakia Epps, sisters from Boston, and Karen Johnson, of Chicago.	Its members are Kena and Nakia Epps , sisters from Boston , and Kelly Johnson , of Chicago .
4108	none	The Shadrick won a by-election in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns .	none	The Shadrick won a by-election in Holsworthy by a majority of 66 votes after the death of the liberal-democratic city councillor Pam Johns.	The Stephen won a by-election in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns .
4122	none	He married Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes in 1901 .	none	He married Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor (1870-1935), a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes in 1901.	He married Anne Crystal Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Crystal Crookes in 1901 .
4131	none	His first wife was Anna Williams , his second wife 's sister .	none	His first wife was Anna Williams, sister of his second wife.	His first wife was Ava Williams , his second wife 's sister .
4133	none	Walter Lyhert ( or Walter Hart ; died 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .	none	He was the first bishop of Norwich, and the second bishop of Norwich.	Nathaniel Lyhert ( or Nathaniel Hart ; died 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
4134	none	Walter Hart ( or Walter Lyhert , died May 24 , 1472 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .	none	Walter Hart (or Walter Lyhert, died 24 May 1472) was a medieval bishop of Norwich.	Matthew Hart ( or Matthew Lyhert , died May 24 , 1472 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .
4141	none	In 1944 , he became editor when he succeeded Edward Taylor Scott , the son of C. P. Scott .	none	In 1944 he became editor when he followed Edward Taylor Scott, son of C.P. Scott.	In 1944 , he became editor when he succeeded Matthew Taylor Scott , the son of C. P. Scott .
4144	none	Other R & amp ; D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott , Col. Thomas M. Logan , Talcott 's son , and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .	none	Other R & D officials in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. Logan, Talcott's son, and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & amp ; D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott , Col. Thomas M. Jordan , Talcott 's son , and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .
4145	none	Lars Elinderson , born 1949 , is a moderate politician of the Swedish party .	none	Lars Elinderson, born in 1949, is a moderate politician of the Swedish party.	Brandon Elinderson , born 1949 , is a moderate politician of the Swedish party .
4172	none	September 2 : CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated , C. Caleb Joseph , LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Tyler Wilson by AAA Norfolk recalled .	none	September 2 : CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated, C. Caleb Joseph, LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Tyler Wilson recalled by AAA Norfolk.	September 2 : CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated , C. Caleb Joseph , LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Christopher Wilson by AAA Norfolk recalled .
4190	none	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma ( 1991-1999 ) , who were replaced by Stefano Anastasia ( 1999-2005 ) .	none	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma ( 1991-1999 ), who was replaced by Stefano Anastasia ( 1999-2005 ).	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma ( 1991-1999 ) , who were replaced by Tyler Anastasia ( 1999-2005 ) .
4191	none	Marco Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from April 1 , 2010 to October 1 , 2010 .	none	Marco Conti is captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from April 1, 2010 to October 1, 2010.	Dylan Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from April 1 , 2010 to October 1 , 2010 .
4192	none	Wladimir Burliuk was born in Kharkiv , the younger brother of David Burliuk , on March 15 , 1886 .	none	Vladimir Burliuk was born in Kharkiv, the younger brother of David Burliuk, on March 15, 1886.	Wladimir Burliuk was born in Kharkiv , the younger brother of Dylan Burliuk , on March 15 , 1886 .
4207	none	In 1948 Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Massey Harris in 1941 .	none	In 1948, Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester, the 1500, which was preceded by only Massey Harris in 1941.	In 1948 Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Massey Lucas in 1941 .
4214	none	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881 , his son Hugues Merle became a painter as well .	none	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881, his son Hugues Merle became a painter as well.	Georges Steven died in Paris in 1881 , his son Hugues Steven became a painter as well .
4224	none	He was then traded for the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa through the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman .	none	He was then transferred to the Detroit Tigers against Matt Drews and Joe Randa by the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman.	He was then traded for the Detroit Tigers for Elijah Drews and Joe Randa through the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman .
4226	none	Langdon Hubbard died in 1892 , and William H. Bennett took over the mill .	none	Langdon Hubbard died in 1892 and William H. Bennett took over the mill.	Langdon Hubbard died in 1892 , and Brandon H. Bennett took over the mill .
4228	none	Laura Myntti was born in Minnesota , and lived in Sioux City , Iowa and San Diego before settling in Salt Lake City in 1968 .	none	Laura Myntti was born in Minnesota and lived in Sioux City, Iowa and San Diego before settling in Salt Lake City in 1968.	Monica Myntti was born in Minnesota , and lived in Sioux City , Iowa and San Diego before settling in Salt Lake City in 1968 .
4229	none	Bouchier was married to Dorothy Britton , who translated a number of Japanese books into English .	none	Bouchier was married to Dorothy Britton, who translated a series of Japanese books into English.	Bouchier was married to Dorothy Jesse , who translated a number of Japanese books into English .
4234	none	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Hector Hammond .	none	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor, an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of US Senator Hector Hammond.	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Aiden Hammond .
4238	none	Guido Crepax is known for publishing the original edition of the " Codex Seraphinianus " and some of Ricci 's books .	none	Guido Crepax is known for publishing the original edition of "Codex Seraphinianus" and some of Ricci's books.	Kyle Crepax is known for publishing the original edition of the " Codex Seraphinianus " and some of Ricci 's books .
4250	none	J. Augustus Johnston ( " fl . " 1870-1890 ) was the American consul in Beirut and replaced G. Augustus Johnson .	none	Augustus Johnston (born 1870) was an American consul in Beirut.	J. Ian Johnston ( " fl . " 1870-1890 ) was the American consul in Beirut and replaced G. Ian Johnson .
4258	none	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson , a shipbuilder , and Mary Finlay in Newcastle .	none	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson, a shipbuilder, and Mary Finlay in Newcastle.	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson , a shipbuilder , and Haley Finlay in Newcastle .
4262	none	Sherwin has also interviewed authors and musicians . Including , his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Janet Evanovich , and author Anne Bishop .	none	Sherwin also interviewed authors and musicians. Including his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie, author Janet Evanovich, and author Anne Bishop.	Sean has also interviewed authors and musicians . Including , his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Janet Evanovich , and author Anne Bishop .
4280	none	The country south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin , Michael Shishman , a supporter of Vejtehi .	none	The country south of Severin was ruled for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin, Michael Shishman, a supporter of Vejtehi.	The country south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin , Gregory Shishman , a supporter of Vejtehi .
4291	none	Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won in the final 6 -- 3 , 3 -- 6 , 7 -- 5 against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson .	none	Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won 6 - 3, 3 - 6, 7 - 5 in the final against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson.	Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won in the final 6 -- 3 , 3 -- 6 , 7 -- 5 against Ann Henricksson and Kathryn Richardson .
4303	none	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later governor of Michigan ) and George Romney were AMC .	none	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy (later Governor of Michigan) and George Romney were AMC.	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later governor of Michigan ) and Isaac Romney were AMC .
4304	none	Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio , consisting of the bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	none	Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio consisting of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.	Elijah Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio , consisting of the bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Elijah Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .
4305	none	In the third film , the fat lady of Elizabeth Spriggs and Dawn French is played in the first film .	none	In the third movie, the fat lady of Elizabeth Spriggs and Dawn French is played in the first movie.	In the third film , the fat lady of Elizabeth Spriggs and Kayla French is played in the first film .
4309	none	In 2006 , Venezuelan Carlos Pena gradually took over as Co-Lead singer , although Beny continued to record with Ska Cubano and occasionally went on tour .	none	In 2006, Venezuelan Carlos Pena gradually took over as a co-lead singer, although Beny continued to record with Ska Cubano and occasionally went on tour.	In 2006 , Venezuelan Peter Pena gradually took over as Co-Lead singer , although Beny continued to record with Ska Cubano and occasionally went on tour .
4326	none	Ruben Aganbegyan ( ; b . 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the President of Micex . Son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan .	none	Ruben Aganbegyan (; born 1972, Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, the president of Mickex. Son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan.	Ruben Aganbegyan ( ; b . 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the President of Micex . Son of the famous Soviet economist Gregory Aganbegyan .
4337	none	She is voiced by Kanako Hatori in the Japanese anime and by Tara Platt in the English dub .	none	It is spoken by Kanako Hatori in Japanese anime and Tara Platt in English dub.	She is voiced by Kanako Hatori in the Japanese anime and by Emily Platt in the English dub .
4342	none	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	none	He married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther), in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson.	He married Agnes Emma Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
4343	none	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .	none	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate, Larry Finch.	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Elijah Finch .
4353	none	He was married twice , to Annie Kowalkowski and to Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .	none	He was married twice, with Annie Kowalkowski and Elizabeth Dettlaff, and had three daughters.	He was married twice , to Annie Kowalkowski and to Christina Dettlaff , and had three daughters .
4358	none	Goodlatte , a pilot and Air Force veteran , who made a 2015 primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head , challenged Harry Griego for the Republican nomination .	none	Goodlatte, a pilot and Air Force veteran, who was a 2015 primary challenge of state delegate Chris Head, demanded Harry Griego for the Republican nomination.	Goodlatte , a pilot and Air Force veteran , who made a 2015 primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head , challenged Brandon Griego for the Republican nomination .
4365	none	When Vicky had the dream , she did her best to stop it from Barnabas , but to keep her pain , Barnabas made her tell him .	none	When Vicky had the dream, she did her best to stop it from Barnabas, but to keep her pain, Barnabas let her tell him.	When Rachel had the dream , she did her best to stop it from Barnabas , but to keep her pain , Barnabas made her tell him .
4390	none	On July 24 , 2013 , Brother Ali appeared as " Expert Witness " at the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge John Hodgman " .	none	On July 24, 2013, Brother Ali appeared as an expert witness in the Maximum Fun Podcast "Judge John Hodgman".	On July 24 , 2013 , Brother Ali appeared as " Expert Witness " at the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge Noah Hodgman " .
4413	none	In 1806 Louis Bonaparte assigned his brother Louis Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .	none	In 1806 Louis Bonaparte assigned his brother Louis Napoleon, a Catholic, to the throne of the Netherlands.	In 1806 Bradley Bonaparte assigned his brother Bradley Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .
4414	none	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old .	none	Thomas Thomas Kane's first unforgettable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.	Ryan Ryan Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old .
4450	none	The R335 is a Regional Route in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa to the north via Addo .	none	The R335 is a regional route in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from south to South Africa to the north via Addo.	The R335 is a Regional Route in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa to the north via Addo .
4455	none	Osman 's son Yafes Osman became the Science and Technology minister of Bangladesh in 2009 .	none	Osman's son Yafes Osman became the Minister of Science and Technology in Bangladesh in 2009.	Peter 's son Yafes Peter became the Science and Technology minister of Bangladesh in 2009 .
4463	none	He was born into a family of actors , including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier .	none	He was born into a family of actors, including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, and his grandfather was Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.	He was born into a family of actors , including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , his grandfather was the Gilbert and Shawn - conductor François Cellier .
4473	none	Trained with César Cielo , coach of American swimmer Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan . He is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps .	none	Trained with César Cielo, coach of the American swimmer Bob Bowman, at the University of Michigan. He is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps.	Trained with César Cielo , coach of American swimmer Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan . He is a childhood friend of Ethan Phelps .
4485	none	The film was produced by Harry Alan Towers and was directed by Peter Collinson .	none	The film was produced by Harry Alan Towers and directed by Peter Collinson.	The film was produced by Harry Alan Towers and was directed by Isaiah Collinson .
4489	none	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .	none	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo, Shawn told Colleen.	Brandon told Brandon that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Brandon told Colleen .
4495	none	His three sisters included Mary Caroline Bulkeley , who married Roland Redmond , Helen C. Bulkeley .	none	Among his three sisters was Mary Caroline Bulkeley, who married Roland Redmond, Helen C. Bulkeley.	His three sisters included Mary Caroline Bulkeley , who married Roland Redmond , Kaitlyn C. Bulkeley .
4503	none	She was born Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , and married George J. Disney in 1936 . She died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .	none	She was born Doris Miles in Glastonbury, Connecticut, and married George J. Disney in 1936. She died in Fredericksburg, Virginia.	She was born Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , and married James J. Disney in 1936 . She died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .
4513	none	In 2011 , George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me , first in the Tristan Bates Theatre in London , and then in the Charing Cross Theatre .	none	In 2011, George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at Tristan Bates Theatre in London and then at Charing Cross Theatre.	In 2011 , George Travis appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me , first in the Tristan Bates Theatre in London , and then in the Charing Cross Theatre .
4524	none	On 20 April 2007 , Stephanie Johnson joined the occupation of " Days of Our Lives " in the contract role of Hennig .	none	In April 2007, Johnson joined the line-up of "Days of Our Lives" in Hennig's contract role.	On 20 April 2007 , Stephanie Patrick joined the occupation of " Days of Our Lives " in the contract role of Hennig .
4534	none	Danai Udomchoke won the tournament after defeating Samuel Groth 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 in the final .	none	Danai Udomchoke won the tournament after defeating Samuel Groth 7 -- 6, 6 -- 3 in the final.	Danai Udomchoke won the tournament after defeating Gabriel Groth 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 in the final .
4554	none	On March 31 , 1958 , Daley , together with Gene Woodling and Dick Williams , was traded at the Baltimore Orioles for Larry Doby and Don Ferrarese .	none	On March 31, 1958, Daley was traded with Gene Woodling and Dick Williams to the Baltimore Orioles against Larry Doby and Don Ferrares.	On March 31 , 1958 , Mia , together with Gene Woodling and Dick Williams , was traded at the Baltimore Orioles for Larry Doby and Don Ferrarese .
4556	none	Dolly Parton 's thirteenth solo studio album , produced by Bob Ferguson , is Jolene .	none	Dolly Parton's thirteenth solo studio album, produced by Bob Ferguson, is Jolene.	Dolly Parton 's thirteenth solo studio album , produced by Bob Ferguson , is Jasmine .
4561	none	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection " Must We Say What We Mean ? " ( 1969 ) .	none	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped reintroduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection "Must we say what we mean?" ( 1969).	The American philosopher Thomas Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection " Must We Say What We Mean ? " ( 1969 ) .
4571	none	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .	none	According to the RKD, he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop.	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Hunter Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .
4572	none	After the 1962 season , Green was traded to the New York Mets along with Felix Mantilla in exchange for Tracy Stallard and Al Moran .	none	===New York Mets===After the 1962 season, Green was traded to the New York Mets, along with Felix Mantilla, against Tracy Stallard and Al Moran.	After the 1962 season , Green was traded to the New York Mets along with Felix Mantilla in exchange for Tracy Stallard and Jacob Moran .
4576	none	" Has Anyone Here Seen Deirdre Purcell ? " -Larry	none	" Has anyone seen Deirdre Purcell here? " - Larry	" Has Anyone Here Seen Katherine Purcell ? " -Larry
4583	none	Philip Seymour Hoffman played a 1994 - TV adaptation as Ezra Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Peter Strauss as Buck .	none	Philip Seymour Hoffman played a TV adaptation in 1994 as Ezra Baxter, Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Peter Strauss as Buck.	Philip Seymour Hoffman played a 1994 - TV adaptation as Ezra Liam , Jean Smart as Ora Liam and Peter Strauss as Buck .
4588	none	Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 to secure the title .	none	Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 to secure the title.	Wally Masur defeated Samuel Scanlon 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 to secure the title .
4596	none	In March 2016 , Cain 's car got stolen , Cain thought it was Charity or Ross .	none	In March 2016, Cain's car was stolen, Cain thought it was charity or Ross.	In March 2016 , Cain 's car got stolen , Cain thought it was Charity or Jack .
4598	none	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra ( Rakesh Roshan ) and his wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car accident .	none	It begins with Dr. Sanjay Mehra (Rakesh Roshan) and his wife Sonia (Rekha), who are part of a car accident.	It begins first with Dr. Jack Mehra ( Rakesh Roshan ) and his wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car accident .
4619	none	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	none	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio consisting of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.	The Christian Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Christian Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .
4620	none	Born in Dundee , Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College , Oxford . He lives in Bedford .	none	Born in Dundee, Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Bedford.	Born in Dundee , Travis Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College , Oxford . He lives in Bedford .
4622	none	Smith has published two solo albums as Greg Smith Sounds : " Hot as a Lemon " ( 2003 ) and " The Northern Elation " ( 2009 ) .	none	Smith has released two solo albums as Greg Smith Sounds: " Hot as a Lemon" ( 2003) and " The Northern Elation" ( 2009).	Benjamin has published two solo albums as Greg Benjamin Sounds : " Hot as a Lemon " ( 2003 ) and " The Northern Elation " ( 2009 ) .
4625	none	The observations of Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) have identified a bright region dominated by two complex central components A and B .	none	The observations of Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) have identified a bright region dominated by two complex central components A and B.	The observations of Very Timothy Baseline Array ( VLBA ) have identified a bright region dominated by two complex central components A and B .
4626	none	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda had heard all the remixes of their songs from other producers , and it was released on their official website .	none	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda had heard all the remixes of their songs from other producers, and it was released on their official website.	The album was confirmed by Carlos Park after Shinoda had heard all the remixes of their songs from other producers , and it was released on their official website .
4646	none	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed as children with their mother , who teached the piano .	none	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed as children with their mother, who taught the piano.	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Jayden performed as children with their mother , who teached the piano .
4667	none	Point Marsden was discovered by Matthew Flinders on 21 March 1802 and named after William Marsden , Second Secretary to the Admiralty .	none	Point Marsden was discovered by Matthew Flinders on March 21, 1802 and named after William Marsden, Second Secretary of the Admiralty.	Point Marsden was discovered by Matthew Flinders on 21 March 1802 and named after Aiden Marsden , Second Secretary to the Admiralty .
4669	none	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 " All American Team . "	none	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 "All American Team."	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Tyler Smith on his 1909 " All American Team . "
4671	none	He was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the Council of the President 's Common Cause .	none	He was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the Council of Presidents of Common Cause.	He was appointed by Robert W. Aiden as a member of the Council of the President 's Common Cause .
4690	none	Iain Andrew Stirling ( born 27 January 1988 ) is a Scottish comedian , writer and television presenter from Edinburgh now based in London .	none	==Biography==He was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, in 1988.	Iain Andrew Michael ( born 27 January 1988 ) is a Scottish comedian , writer and television presenter from Edinburgh now based in London .
4695	none	Hannah retired in March 1977 , and died the following year .	none	Hannah retired in March 1977 and died the following year.	Katie retired in March 1977 , and died the following year .
4696	none	With the help of the bassist Pat Schick , keyboarder Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli , Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album .	none	With the help of bassist Pat Schick, keyboardist Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli, Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album.	With the help of the bassist Pat Schick , keyboarder Guy Jack and drummer Camus Celli , Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album .
4704	none	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors .	none	Both pursued the continued influence on literary and cultural studies of the types of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors.	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Luke and his successors .
4709	none	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson , first published in 1962 with illustrations by Karla Kuskin .	none	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson, first published in 1962 with illustrations by Karla Kuskin.	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Eric , first published in 1962 with illustrations by Karla Kuskin .
4710	none	He was twice married to Elizabeth Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .	none	He was married twice to Elizabeth Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski and had three daughters.	He was twice married to Katherine Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .
4713	none	During this time , Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice , a band created by Regan that existed between 1995 and 1997 .	none	During this time Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice, a band of Regan that existed between 1995 and 1997.	During this time , Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice , a band created by Sarah that existed between 1995 and 1997 .
4728	none	In 2014-15 , Shapiro appeared in the role of Marc Maron 's eccentric neighbor , Bernie , in the IFC comedy series " Maron " .	none	In 2014-15, Shapiro appeared in the role of eccentric neighbor Marc Maron, Bernie, in the IFC comedy series "Maron".	In 2014-15 , Shapiro appeared in the role of Marc Maron 's eccentric neighbor , Caleb , in the IFC comedy series " Maron " .
4737	none	The sonata was premiered in 1919 at the Aeolian Hall , London , by Landon Ronald , with Billy Reed at the piano .	none	The sonata was premiered in 1919 in the Aeolian Hall, London, by Landon Ronald, with Billy Reed on the piano.	The sonata was premiered in 1919 at the Aeolian Hall , London , by Landon Ronald , with Tyler Reed at the piano .
4741	none	The magazine was located in Paris , but was published by Gerald Duckworth and Company in London .	none	The magazine was in Paris, but was published by Gerald Duckworth and Company in London.	The magazine was located in Paris , but was published by Adrian Duckworth and Company in London .
4747	none	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in Kem 's AIDS clinic .	none	Dr. Carter stays in Africa for several months and works in Kem's AIDS clinic.	Dr. Kevin remains in Africa for several months and works in Kem 's AIDS clinic .
4759	none	Franz Josef Land , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia ( Russian : " Остров Галля " ; " Ostrov Gallya " ) is an island in Hall Island .	none	Franz Josef Land, Arkhangelsk Oblast, is an island on the island of Hall, Russia.	Franz Aiden Land , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia ( Russian : " Остров Галля " ; " Ostrov Gallya " ) is an island in Hall Island .
4760	none	John Ikin ( born 1957 in Lower Hutt ) is a furniture designer from New Zealand .	none	John Ikin (born 1957 in Lower Hutt) is a New Zealand furniture designer.	Ryan Ikin ( born 1957 in Lower Hutt ) is a furniture designer from New Zealand .
4770	none	Patrick Walsh is the brother of Carlow footballer Tommy .	none	Patrick Walsh is the brother of Carlow footballer Tommy.	Kyle Walsh is the brother of Carlow footballer Tommy .
4785	none	The journey begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Kolhapur , Sindhudurg and back .	none	The journey starts from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg and back.	The journey begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik , Ajanta Melissa Caves , Kolhapur , Sindhudurg and back .
4792	none	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Richard Göransson and was replaced by Thed Björk in 2009 .	none	In 2006, the team was expanded to include a second car for Richard Göransson and replaced by Thed Björk in 2009.	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Isaiah Göransson and was replaced by Thed Björk in 2009 .
4804	none	From her former marriage , Katy Spencer had a daughter , Ann ( a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962 ) .	none	From her previous marriage, Katy Spencer had a daughter, Ann (a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962).	From her former marriage , Katy Kevin had a daughter , Ann ( a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962 ) .
4835	none	John Ruskin called it " the world 's most precious Paul Veronese " . Henry James wrote in 1882 :	none	John Ruskin called it "the most valuable Paul Veronese of the world". Henry James wrote in 1882:	John Ruskin called it " the world 's most precious Paul Veronese " . Henry Andrew wrote in 1882 :
4853	none	For personal reasons , Rudy Lenners joined the following year and was replaced by Herman Rarebell .	none	For personal reasons, Rudy Lenners joined the following year and was replaced by Herman Rarebell.	For personal reasons , Connor Lenners joined the following year and was replaced by Herman Rarebell .
4854	none	Other collaborators include Paul Cox , Alan Barnes , Dub Syndicate , Art Themen , Pee Wee Ellis , Little Axe and Gypie Mayo .	none	Other staff members are Paul Cox, Alan Barnes, Dub Syndicate, Art Topics, Pee Wee Ellis, Little Axe and Gypie Mayo.	Other collaborators include Paul Cox , David Barnes , Dub Syndicate , Art Themen , Pee Wee Ellis , Little Axe and Gypie Mayo .
4861	none	Nick Frangos ( born in White Plains , New York ) is a professional poker player who plays out of Atlantic City , New Jersey .	none	Nick Frangos (born in White Plains, New York) is a professional poker player from Atlantic City, New Jersey.	Steven Frangos ( born in White Plains , New York ) is a professional poker player who plays out of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
4867	none	In June 2011 , the curated by Julian Schabel opened Rosenthal at the Museo Correr in Venice .	none	In June 2011, the curated by Julian Schabel Rosenthal opened at the Museo Correr in Venice.	In June 2011 , the curated by Aaron Schabel opened Rosenthal at the Museo Correr in Venice .
4885	none	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in the AIDS clinic in Kem .	none	Dr. Carter stays in Africa for several months and works at the AIDS Clinic in Kem.	Dr. Jack remains in Africa for several months and works in the AIDS clinic in Kem .
4892	none	In 2012 , Duncan appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber , a film by Romola Garai written and managed .	none	In 2012, Duncan appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber, a film written and managed by Romola Garai.	In 2012 , Steven appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber , a film by Romola Garai written and managed .
4905	none	McNair was born in Glasgow , his ancestors moved from Brazil to Rio de Janeiro in the 1840s , where they were prominent in civil and commercial life .	none	McNair was born in Glasgow, his ancestors moved from Brazil to Rio de Janeiro in the 1840s where they were prominent in civil and commercial life.	McNair was born in Glasgow , his ancestors moved from Brazil to Samuel de Janeiro in the 1840s , where they were prominent in civil and commercial life .
4909	none	Incumbent Republican George Allen ran for a third term , but lost to Democrat Chuck Robb .	none	Incumbent Republican George Allen ran for a third term, but lost to Democrat Chuck Robb.	Incumbent Republican George Allen ran for a third term , but lost to Democrat Chuck Dustin .
4917	none	In June 2011 , Linda Beecher married Finch at Dartmoor National Park .	none	In June 2011, Linda married Beecher Finch in Dartmoor National Park.	In June 2011 , Michelle Beecher married Finch at Dartmoor National Park .
4921	none	Andrés Gómez defeated Guillermo Pérez Roldán 6 -- 0 , 7 -- 6 , 3 - 6 , 0 - 6 , 6 - 2	none	Andrés Gómez defeated Guillermo Pérez Roldán 6 -- 0, 7 -- 6, 3 - 6, 0 - 6, 6 - 2	Andrés Gómez defeated Justin Pérez Roldán 6 -- 0 , 7 -- 6 , 3 - 6 , 0 - 6 , 6 - 2
4926	none	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	none	LaFlare confronts Roan Carneiro on February 11, 2017 at UFC 208. He won the fight by unanimous decision.	LaFlare confronted William Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .
4932	none	It was the first album by Carol Emanuel , Bill Frisell , and Kenny Wollesen who would become known as The Gnostic Trio .	none	It was the first album by Carol Emanuel, Bill Frisell and Kenny Wollesen, which became known as The Gnostic Trio.	It was the first album by Alicia Emanuel , Bill Frisell , and Kenny Wollesen who would become known as The Gnostic Trio .
4940	none	His sons were Leon C. , Huntley N. and Rolland H. , of whom Huntley and Rolland would serve as governors of New Hampshire .	none	His sons were Leon C., Huntley N., and Rolland H., of whom Huntley and Rolland serve as governors of New Hampshire.	His sons were Leon C. , Huntley N. and Nicholas H. , of whom Huntley and Nicholas would serve as governors of New Hampshire .
4956	none	In 2015 , Kim was once again chosen for the Korean national team , and became the first man since 1985 twice to win the World Archery Championship .	none	In 2015, Kim was re-elected to the Korean national team, and became the first man to win the World Archery Championship twice since 1985.	In 2015 , Shannon was once again chosen for the Korean national team , and became the first man since 1985 twice to win the World Archery Championship .
4962	none	He was the brother of actor Barry Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Ida Lupino .	none	He was the brother of actor Barry Lupino (1882 - 1962) and father of Ida Lupino.	He was the brother of actor Andrew Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Ida Lupino .
4971	none	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret ( born June 2 , 1767 in Stuttgart , Germany , died 17 January 1845 in Ludwigsburg ) .	none	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret (born 2 June 1767 in Stuttgart, Germany, died 17 January 1845 in Ludwigsburg).	Nikolaus Friedrich Jose Thouret ( born June 2 , 1767 in Stuttgart , Germany , died 17 January 1845 in Ludwigsburg ) .
4983	none	She was also featured in an article with her son , Maxwell Minard , for Robert Kennedy 's motivational magazine " Off the Couch " .	none	She was also featured in an article with her son, Maxwell Minard, for Robert Kennedy's motivational magazine "Off the Couch".	She was also featured in an article with her son , Luke Minard , for Robert Kennedy 's motivational magazine " Off the Couch " .
4995	none	As assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen , Carl Flügge discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani , which causes Tetanus in 1884 .	none	As an assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen, Carl Flügge discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani, which caused tetanus in 1884.	As assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen , Jeffrey Flügge discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani , which causes Tetanus in 1884 .
5004	none	Alma Peter Crane and Connie Chandler were nominated by the Independent Party of Utah , where Crane and Chandler received 1,101 votes .	none	Alma Peter Crane and Connie Chandler were nominated by the Independent Party of Utah, where Crane and Chandler received 1,101 votes.	Alma Peter Crane and Connie Connor were nominated by the Independent Party of Utah , where Crane and Connor received 1,101 votes .
5022	none	In 1988 , Pat and Yvonne died in 2007 .	none	Pat and Yvonne died in 1988.	In 1988 , Cameron and Yvonne died in 2007 .
5031	none	Annie Marie Gilbertine Amalo married Herman Johannes in 1955 .	none	Annie Marie Gilbertine Amalo married Herman Johannes in 1955.	Annie Marie Gilbertine Amalo married Juan Johannes in 1955 .
5033	none	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .	none	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the small locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Timothy is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .
5050	none	Her work is collected and exhibited in London , Tokyo , Takaoka , Isle of Man , New York , San Francisco , Monterey , Toledo and Fort Wayne .	none	Her work is collected and exhibited in London, Tokyo, Takaoka, Isle of Man, New York, San Francisco, Monterey, Toledo and Fort Wayne.	Her work is collected and exhibited in London , Tokyo , Takaoka , Isle of Man , New York , San Francisco , Monterey , Toledo and Fort Robert .
5060	none	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands . He has an older brother , Che Cartwright , who is also an actor .	none	Cartwright was born on March 14, 1981 in Erdington, West Midlands. He has an older brother, Che Cartwright, who is also an actor.	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands . He has an older brother , Zachary Cartwright , who is also an actor .
5071	none	Abe Drexler ( Charlie Hofheimer ) calls Elisabeth Moss ( Peggy ) and insists on meeting her for dinner .	none	Abe Drexler (Charlie Hofheimer) calls Elisabeth Moss ( Peggy) and insists on meeting her for dinner.	Abe Drexler ( Joshua Hofheimer ) calls Elisabeth Moss ( Peggy ) and insists on meeting her for dinner .
5073	none	Foley worked with , among others , Calvin Russell , Townes Van Zandt , Gurf Morlix , Billy Block , and Guy Schwartz .	none	Foley worked with, among others, Calvin Russell, Townes Van Zandt, Gurf Morlix, Billy Block, and Guy Schwartz.	Foley worked with , among others , Michael Russell , Townes Van Zandt , Gurf Morlix , Billy Block , and Guy Schwartz .
5084	none	During the 1745 uprising it was twice visited by Jakobites and held again by Bonnie Prince Charlie .	none	During the 1745 Uprising, it was visited twice by Jacobites and again held by Bonnie Prince Charlie.	During the 1745 uprising it was twice visited by Jakobites and held again by Bonnie Isaiah Charlie .
5087	none	Peter Maag ( Ernst Peter Johannes Maag ) ( 10 May 1919 -- 16 April 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .	none	==References====External links==	Ian Maag ( Ernst Ian Johannes Maag ) ( 10 May 1919 -- 16 April 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .
5098	none	Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth won 3 : 6 , 6 : 1 , 6 : 3 against Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter in the final .	none	Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth won 3 : 6, 6 : 1, 6 : 3 against Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter in the final.	Jan Apell and Austin Haygarth won 3 : 6 , 6 : 1 , 6 : 3 against Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter in the final .
5105	none	Javier Moracho Torrente ( born August 18 , 1957 in Spain ) is a former Monzón Huesca hurdler .	none	==Biography==He was born in Spain, and died in 1957.	Thomas Moracho Torrente ( born August 18 , 1957 in Spain ) is a former Monzón Huesca hurdler .
5124	none	It stars James Craig and was written by Devon and Richard Devon .	none	It plays James Craig and was written by Devon and Richard Devon.	It stars James Craig and was written by Alexander and Richard Alexander .
5136	none	Mark Williams is played in the TV series by Olaf Petersen .	none	Mark Williams is played in the television series by Olaf Petersen.	Isaac Williams is played in the TV series by Olaf Petersen .
5151	none	The northern side of the bay is defined by Ontario 's mainland , while the southern side follows the shore of the Prince Edward County headland .	none	The northern side of the bay is defined by mainland Ontario, while the southern side follows the shore of Prince Edward County promontory.	The northern side of the bay is defined by Adam 's mainland , while the southern side follows the shore of the Prince Edward County headland .
5157	none	Sarah took Danny on a boat .	none	Sarah took Danny on a boat.	Laura took Danny on a boat .
5158	none	However , Serena decides to keep this truth for a little longer from Dan .	none	However, Serena decides to hold this truth for a little longer from Dan.	However , Anna decides to keep this truth for a little longer from Dan .
5162	none	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman .	none	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman.	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Dustin Suman .
5177	none	Cardiff Castle was then owned by Philip Herbert , a moderate Parliamentarian , and the castle was initially held by a pro-Royalist garrison .	none	Cardiff Castle was then owned by Philip Herbert, a moderate MP, and the castle was initially owned by a pro-royalist garrison.	Cardiff Castle was then owned by Philip Ryan , a moderate Parliamentarian , and the castle was initially held by a pro-Royalist garrison .
5189	none	Hugh was father of Walter Giffard , the Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England .	none	Hugh was the father of Walter Giffard, Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England.	Hugh was father of Isaac Giffard , the Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England .
5190	none	When Zac and Hannah stopped communicating , Hannah looked through her phone and Zac caught him .	none	When Zac and Hannah stopped communicating, Hannah looked through her phone and Zac caught him.	When Zac and Danielle stopped communicating , Danielle looked through her phone and Zac caught him .
5192	none	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre , with lyrics by Hazin Qadri and sung by Noor Jehan , and Mehnaz .	none	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre, with texts by Hazin Qadri and sung by Noor Jehan, and Mehnaz.	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre , with lyrics by Hazin Qadri and sung by Katie Jehan , and Mehnaz .
5197	none	David Stillman is the Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Steve Richard is President and CEO of the company .	none	David Stillman is Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Steve Richard is President and CEO of the company.	David Stillman is the Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Steve Jordan is President and CEO of the company .
5207	none	Hardie became Secretary of the Party , while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and George Mitchell was the president .	none	Hardie became the party's secretary, while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and George Mitchell was the president.	Hardie became Secretary of the Party , while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and William Mitchell was the president .
5212	none	Johnny Triumph frequently collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .	none	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with singer Björk and performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón.	Timothy Triumph frequently collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .
5215	none	In 1989 , Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon Jovi on their international tours .	none	In 1989, Roxus supported the Australian bands Poison and Bon Jovi on their international tours.	In 1989 , Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon Isabella on their international tours .
5216	none	Guitar played Gordon , Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums producing with Charles Larkey .	none	Guitar played Gordon, Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums production with Charles Larkey.	Guitar played Gordon , Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums producing with Brian Larkey .
5221	none	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Steven Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .	none	Since 1977, LAGOS has made more than two million pieces. Steven Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs per year.	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Noah Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .
5225	none	Born in Birmingham in 1783 as the second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby , the family moved to Sheffield in 1783 .	none	==Early life==Bielby was born in Birmingham, the second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby, and moved to Sheffield in 1783.	Born in Birmingham in 1783 as the second son of Isabella and Benjamin Beilby , the family moved to Sheffield in 1783 .
5236	none	Valley Downs is a district of Louisville , Kentucky , USA , along Omar Khayyam Boulevard , south of Johnsontown Road .	none	Valley Downs is a district of Louisville, Kentucky, United States, along Omar Khayyam Boulevard, south of Johnsontown Road.	Valley Downs is a district of Louisville , Kentucky , USA , along Tyler Khayyam Boulevard , south of Johnsontown Road .
5239	none	The Nordiques signed free agent Tony Currie from the Toronto Maple Leafs , while they lost Blake Wesley , who signed with the Edmonton Oilers .	none	The Nordiques signed Free Agent Tony Currie of the Toronto Maple Leafs while they lost Blake Wesley who signed with the Edmonton Oilers.	The Nordiques signed free agent Christian Currie from the Toronto Maple Leafs , while they lost Blake Wesley , who signed with the Edmonton Oilers .
5248	none	Adam Helmer died on April 9 , 1830 , in the town of Brutus in Cayuga County , New York .	none	Adam Helmer died on April 9, 1830, in the city of Brutus in Cayuga County, New York.	Dustin Helmer died on April 9 , 1830 , in the town of Brutus in Cayuga County , New York .
5250	none	Louisa Barnett married Lorenzo Giuntini in Frome , Somerset on September 11 , 1866 and got 8 children .	none	Louisa Barnett married Lorenzo Giuntini in Frome, Somerset on September 11, 1866 and had 8 children.	Kayla Barnett married Lorenzo Giuntini in Frome , Somerset on September 11 , 1866 and got 8 children .
5252	none	The theme music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom , conducted by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn .	none	The theme music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom, conducted by Gaynor Colourn and arranged by Gaynor Colourn.	The theme music was composed by Jose Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom , conducted by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn .
5281	none	He first appeared in " ASAP 09 " in the D-Lite segment where he performed with Karylle , Toni Gonzaga and Nikki Gil .	none	He first appeared in "ASAP 09" in the D-Lite segment, where he appeared with Karyle, Toni Gonzaga and Nikki Gil.	He first appeared in " ASAP 09 " in the D-Lite segment where he performed with Karylle , Toni Gonzaga and Nikki Luis .
5286	none	Ross - Bridge is a historic bridge in the city of Ross in central Tasmania , Australia , completed in July 1836 . It crosses the Macquarie river .	none	Ross Bridge is a historic bridge in the city of Ross in the center of Tasmania, Australia, completed in July 1836.	David - Bridge is a historic bridge in the city of David in central Tasmania , Australia , completed in July 1836 . It crosses the Macquarie river .
5287	none	On October 7 , 2009 , David Caplan was named Minister of Health and Long-Term Care to replace Matthews .	none	In October 2009, David Caplan was appointed Minister of Health and Long-Term Care to replace Matthews.	On October 7 , 2009 , Matthew Caplan was named Minister of Health and Long-Term Care to replace Matthews .
5293	none	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995 , Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital .	none	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him at Peshawar Hospital.	When Christian Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995 , Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital .
5295	none	" Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner " was directed by Anton Cropper and is written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc .	none	Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner was directed by Anton Cropper and is written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc.	" Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner " was directed by Anton Cropper and is written by Luis Judkins and Lauren LeFranc .
5309	none	Petra Keppeler ( born March 22 , 1965 ) , born Petra Feucht , is a former professional tennis player from Germany .	none	Petra Keppeler (born 22 March 1965 ), born Petra Feucht, is a former tennis player from Germany.	Melissa Keppeler ( born March 22 , 1965 ) , born Melissa Feucht , is a former professional tennis player from Germany .
5310	none	Paul Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD scramble and also scored 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93 .	none	Paul Cirja #7 passed 2 TD scramble and also scored 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93.	Samuel Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD scramble and also scored 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93 .
5325	none	Dan Ali was confirmed as a Cabinet Minister by the Nigerian Senate in October 2015 and was appointed Minister of Defence by President Muhammadu Buhari in November 2015 .	none	In October 2015, Dan Ali was confirmed by the Nigerian Senate as Minister of Cabinet and appointed Minister of Defence by President Muhammadu Buhari in November 2015.	Benjamin Ali was confirmed as a Cabinet Minister by the Nigerian Senate in October 2015 and was appointed Minister of Defence by President Muhammadu Buhari in November 2015 .
5341	none	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions , for example these three . The first was discovered and drawn by Peter McMullen in 1966 .	none	Coxeter defines anti-uniform groups with other constructions, for example these three. The first was discovered and drawn by Peter McMullen in 1966.	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions , for example these three . The first was discovered and drawn by Scott McMullen in 1966 .
5370	none	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Nick Swisher .	none	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single midfield by Nick Swisher.	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Stephen Swisher .
5377	none	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the shop .	none	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the store.	He also asked Shawn Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the shop .
5379	none	It was designed by Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes and produced by local monumental masonry firm Frederick William Webb .	none	It was designed by Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes and produced by the local monumental masonry company Frederick William Webb.	It was designed by Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes and produced by local monumental masonry firm Frederick Stephen Webb .
5383	none	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .	none	Sir Roger Martyn (or Martin) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567; he was also sheriff of London in 1559.	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Christopher ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .
5395	none	Nora Navarro was born as the second of six children of the physician Winifredo Santos and María Rosario Santos y Navarro .	none	Nora Navarro was born the second of six children of the physician Winifredo Santos and María Rosario Santos y Navarro.	Nora Navarro was born as the second of six children of the physician Winifredo Santos and María Lindsey Santos y Navarro .
5396	none	" Darn That Dream " is a popular song with music by Jimmy Van Heusen and texts of Eddie DeLange , published in 1939 .	none	Darn That Dream is a song with music by Jimmy Van Heusen and lyrics by Eddie DeLange, released in 1939.	" Darn That Dream " is a popular song with music by Jimmy Van Heusen and texts of Shawn DeLange , published in 1939 .
5398	none	A. J. Timlin put up the first store , which was run by T. J. Smith for many years .	none	A. J. Timlin set up the first store operated by T. J. Smith for many years.	A. J. Timlin put up the first store , which was run by T. J. Kevin for many years .
5405	none	Baker was established on the Iowa side of the river , and Buell , the side of Illinois .	none	Baker was located on the Iowa side of the river, and Buell, the side of Illinois.	Cody was established on the Iowa side of the river , and Buell , the side of Illinois .
5412	none	Pidoux appeared as cellist Pablo Larraín in " Jackie " by Pablo Casals .	none	Pidoux appeared as cellist Pablo Larraín in "Jackie" by Pablo Casals.	Pidoux appeared as cellist Pablo Larraín in " Alicia " by Pablo Casals .
5413	none	Born in Parkesburg , Pennsylvania , Scott was buried in Chester County , Pennsylvania .	none	Born in Parkesburg, Pennsylvania, Scott was buried in Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Born in Parkesburg , Pennsylvania , Thomas was buried in Chester County , Pennsylvania .
5418	none	Halperin , Thompson and Archer introduced the song " I Love You " from Jay Velie .	none	Halperin, Thompson and Archer presented the song "I Love You" by Jay Velie.	Halperin , Thompson and Archer introduced the song " I Love You " from Austin Velie .
5420	none	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography , Leland is assigned by Ralph Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century .	none	After the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography, Leland was appointed by Ralph Acton and his followers in the first half of the fourteenth century.	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography , Leland is assigned by Brandon Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century .
5423	none	Between 1865 and 1876 , Jones spent a large part of his time in New York while retaining Baltimore as his residency .	none	Between 1865 and 1876, Jones spent a large part of his time in New York while serving Baltimore as his residence.	Between 1865 and 1876 , Anthony spent a large part of his time in New York while retaining Baltimore as his residency .
5424	none	Kaamadhenu is an Indian Malayalam film from 1976 , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Hassan Rasheed .	none	Kaamadhenu is a 1976 Indian film directed by J. Sasikumar.	Kaamadhenu is an Indian Malayalam film from 1976 , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Hassan Caleb .
5444	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguare, Cleveland Browns, and Virginia Destroyers.	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Hannah Destroyers .
5448	none	The author Jessica Mitford expressed her admiration for Christopher Hitchens and praised " Hons and Rebels " .	none	The author Jessica Mitford expressed her admiration for Christopher Hitchens and praised " Hons and Rebels ".	The author Patricia Mitford expressed her admiration for Christopher Hitchens and praised " Hons and Rebels " .
5453	none	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn as a child ( Beatrice Campbell ) .	none	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn as a child ( Beatrice Campbell).	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn as a child ( Savannah Campbell ) .
5458	none	William Henry Henry Harman was born on February 17 , 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , with his parents Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	none	William Henry Henry Harman was born on February 17, 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, with his parents Lewis and Sally (Garber) Harman.	Sean Henry Henry Harman was born on February 17 , 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , with his parents Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .
5459	none	In October 2015 , Bennett resigned from the Knesset to allow Shuli Mualem to take over his seat .	none	In October 2015, Bennett resigned from the Knesset to take over Shuli Mualem's seat.	In October 2015 , Jose resigned from the Knesset to allow Shuli Mualem to take over his seat .
5460	none	Harry , the brother of Ted Cordner , and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football .	none	Harry, the brother of Ted Cfolder, and his cousins Alan Cfolder and Larry Cfolder also played Senior VFL Football.	Harry , the brother of Elijah Cordner , and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football .
5462	none	In September 2015 , Morimoto opened the Pan-Asian restaurant Morimoto Asia at Walt Disney World in Disney Springs in Florida .	none	In September 2015, Morimoto opened the Panasian restaurant Morimoto Asia at Walt Disney World in Disney Springs, Florida.	In September 2015 , Morimoto opened the Pan-Asian restaurant Morimoto Jessica at Walt Disney World in Disney Springs in Florida .
5479	none	Liddell then replaced Rua in the main event with Liddell , but Rashad Evans was forced to withdraw from the card due to a hamstring injury .	none	Liddell then replaced Rua in the main event with Liddell, but Rashad Evans was forced to withdraw from the card due to a Hamstring injury.	Liddell then replaced Rua in the main event with Liddell , but Joshua Evans was forced to withdraw from the card due to a hamstring injury .
5491	none	In addition to her own dowry , Cecily brought the wardship of her daughter Katherine to her new husband . Together William Hastings and Katherine had six children :	none	In addition to her own dowry, Cecily took the station of her daughter Katherine to her new husband. Together William Hastings and Katherine had six children:	In addition to her own dowry , Cecily brought the wardship of her daughter Elizabeth to her new husband . Together William Hastings and Elizabeth had six children :
5502	none	Ignjat Job painted colourful landscapes on the island of Braa in a personal Expressionist style .	none	Ignjat Job painted colorful landscapes on the island of Braa in a personal expressionist style.	Ignjat Alexander painted colourful landscapes on the island of Braa in a personal Expressionist style .
5503	none	Born and raised in Dallas , was the son of Margot ( born Birmingham ) and Ross Perot .	none	Born and raised in Dallas, he was the son of Margot (born Birmingham) and Ross Perot.	Born and raised in Dallas , was the son of Margot ( born Birmingham ) and Charles Perot .
5515	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey " , he added .	none	"Thanks to the Facebook generation, everyone by simply having a selfie can be a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey," he added.	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Samuel Spacey " , he added .
5531	none	It was written by Yasir Nawaz and is directed by Rida Bilal .	none	It was written by Yasir Nawaz and is led by Rida Bilal.	It was written by James Nawaz and is directed by Rida Bilal .
5536	none	Simon Mathews ( * 1755 ) was a Welsh immigrant who , in 1712 , came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Simon Butler .	none	Simon Mathews (1755 – 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania in 1712 with his cousin Simon Butler.	Eric Mathews ( * 1755 ) was a Welsh immigrant who , in 1712 , came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Eric Butler .
5539	none	Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt ( the only child of George and Edith Vanderbilt ) married in 1924 to the British aristocrat John F. A. Cecil , a descendant of William Cecil .	none	Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt (the only child of George and Edith Vanderbilt) married in 1924 the British aristocrat John F. A. Cecil, a descendant of William Cecil.	Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt ( the only child of Christian and Edith Vanderbilt ) married in 1924 to the British aristocrat John F. A. Cecil , a descendant of William Cecil .
5556	none	Written by George Mastras and directed by Michelle MacLaren , broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8 , 2013 .	none	Written by George Mastras and director Michelle MacLaren, aired on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8, 2013.	Written by George Mastras and directed by Alexandra MacLaren , broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8 , 2013 .
5558	none	Jack Cross was a comic book series written by Gary Erskine and drawn by Warren Ellis . It was first published by DC Comics in 2005 .	none	Jack Cross was a comic series by Gary Erskine and drawn by Warren Ellis. It was first released by DC Comics in 2005.	Jack Cross was a comic book series written by Dustin Erskine and drawn by Warren Ellis . It was first published by DC Comics in 2005 .
5568	none	Writers for the project included Jake Chapman , Billy Childish , Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston .	none	The authors of the project were Jake Chapman, Billy Childish, Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, and Joshua Compston.	Writers for the project included Jake Evan , Billy Childish , Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston .
5587	none	In March , they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with their newest member , Reid .	none	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member Reid.	In March , they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with their newest member , Ian .
5592	none	She married Uri Ilan and gave birth to her first first-born , Shlomo Ilan in 1935 .	none	She married Uri Ilan and gave birth to her firstborn Shlomo Ilan in 1935.	She married Uri Ilan and gave birth to her first first-born , Timothy Ilan in 1935 .
5595	none	Booth married Mary Macaulay , the niece of the historian Thomas Babington Macaulay , in 1871 , and was a cousin of Fabian - Socialist and writer Beatrice Webb .	none	Booth married Mary Macaulay, the niece of historian Thomas Babington Macaulay, in 1871, and was a cousin of Fabian - socialist and writer Beatrice Webb.	Booth married Mary Macaulay , the niece of the historian William Babington Macaulay , in 1871 , and was a cousin of Fabian - Socialist and writer Beatrice Webb .
5604	none	He also recorded two solo albums under his own name and three albums in Indonesia under the name Sabah Habas Mustapha .	none	He also recorded two solo albums under his own name and three albums in Indonesia under the name Sabah Habas Mustapha.	He also recorded two solo albums under his own name and three albums in Indonesia under the name Sabah Habas James .
5607	none	Archbishop Robert von Esztergom therefore excommunicated the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and imposed some high dignitaries of the king .	none	Archbishop Robert of Esztergom therefore excommunicated the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and imposed some high dignitaries of the king.	Archbishop Dylan von Esztergom therefore excommunicated the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and imposed some high dignitaries of the king .
5617	none	The couple had their first child , Shalk Jr , in August 2012 , and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born .	none	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child , Shalk Thomas , in August 2012 , and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born .
5630	none	The spokesman first was James David Edgar , and later Thomas Bain .	none	The speaker was James David Edgar, and later Thomas Bain.	The spokesman first was James David Alex , and later Thomas Bain .
5631	none	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and consistently called it imaginative and never predictable " .	none	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and consistently called it imaginative and never predictable ".	Ben Jeremy of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and consistently called it imaginative and never predictable " .
5637	none	He continued in this post then when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .	none	He drove in this post then when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940, and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945.	He continued in this post then when Juan Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .
5646	none	In 2008 Rice co-headlined a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray , and played Los Angeles ' Sunset Junction festival .	none	In 2008 Rice co-headlined a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray, and played Los Angeles's Sunset Junction Festival.	In 2008 Rice co-headlined a tour with Isabella Taylor of Azure Ray , and played Los Angeles ' Sunset Junction festival .
5657	none	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor , Tom Ortenberg , Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films , was born .	none	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, managing director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor , Gregory Ortenberg , Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films , was born .
5664	none	Lydia Lawhead had at least one sibling , a sister , Mrs. Armstrong .	none	Lydia Lawhead had at least one brother and sister, Mrs. Armstrong.	Natalie Lawhead had at least one sibling , a sister , Mrs. Armstrong .
5674	none	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Melbourne Vixens .	none	Chelsey Tregear (also known as Chelsey Nash) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens.	Rebecca Tregear ( also known as Rebecca Nash ) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Melbourne Vixens .
5698	none	Juliette and her husband Douglas Blaikie opened the doors to Urban Dance Centre in January 2006 .	none	Juliette and her husband Douglas Blaikie opened the doors to the Urban Dance Centre in January 2006.	Juliette and her husband Ryan Blaikie opened the doors to Urban Dance Centre in January 2006 .
5705	none	In late 2003 , he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills ( R.E.M . ) , Johnny Gayden ( Albert Collins Band ) and Charles Mingus .	none	At the end of 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.	In late 2003 , he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills ( R.E.M . ) , Johnny Gayden ( Albert Collins Band ) and Anthony Mingus .
5711	none	Elwood Cohn was born on March 3 , 1922 in San Jose , Costa Rica , to Montealegre Clemencia Carazo and Felicia Cohn Montealegre .	none	Elwood Cohn was born on March 3, 1922 in San Jose, Costa Rica, after Montealegre Clemencia Carazo and Felicia Cohn Montealegre.	Elwood Cohn was born on March 3 , 1922 in San Jose , Costa Rica , to Montealegre Clemencia Carazo and Riley Cohn Montealegre .
5718	none	Daniel Rinner ( born November 11 , 1990 in Vaduz ) is a cyclist from Liechtenstein , Germany .	none	He is a German cyclist and cyclist.	Paul Rinner ( born November 11 , 1990 in Vaduz ) is a cyclist from Liechtenstein , Germany .
5721	none	In 2015 , Stephen Hawking offered Richard Branson a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic .	none	In 2015, Stephen Hawking offered Richard Branson a free spot on the starship Virgin Galactic.	In 2015 , Stephen Hawking offered Richard Cameron a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic .
5727	none	It is divided into four " Taulkas " : Shikarpur , Lakhi , Garhi Yasin and Khanpur .	none	It is divided into four "Taulkas": Shikarpur, Lakhi, Garhi Yasin and Khanpur.	It is divided into four " Taulkas " : Shikarpur , Lakhi , Garhi Jayden and Khanpur .
5730	none	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh , John Russell , Sir Walter Scott , Lord Byron , Sir Robert Peel , Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith .	none	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh, John Russell, Sir Walter Scott, Lord Byron, Sir Robert Peel, Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith.	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh , John Russell , Sir Luke Scott , Lord Byron , Sir Robert Peel , Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith .
5743	none	In the Adams division , Buffalo Sabres never missed the playoffs in this format , while the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens were only missing twice .	none	In the Adams Division, Buffalo Sabres never missed the playoffs in this format, while the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens were only missing twice.	In the Peter division , Buffalo Sabres never missed the playoffs in this format , while the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens were only missing twice .
5748	none	During Lan Ling Wang 's absence , Han receives many visions of her past , mostly her happy moments with Bing Xin .	none	While Lan Ling Wang's absence, Han receives many visions of her past, especially her happy moments with Bing Xin.	During Anna Ling Wang 's absence , Han receives many visions of her past , mostly her happy moments with Bing Xin .
5753	none	Peter Strauss played a 1994 - TV adaptation as Ezra Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Philip Seymour Hoffman as Buck .	none	Peter Strauss played a TV adaptation in 1994 as Ezra Baxter, Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Philip Seymour Hoffman as Buck.	Peter Strauss played a 1994 - TV adaptation as Ezra Adrian , Jean Smart as Ora Adrian and Philip Seymour Hoffman as Buck .
5755	none	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010 , co-produced by Emma Thomas and written , co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan .	none	Inception is a 2010 science fiction film produced by Emma Thomas and written, co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan.	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010 , co-produced by Emma Robert and written , co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan .
5756	none	In 2001 , Sir Frank Williams brought Michael to Williams as Senior Operations Engineer .	none	In 2001, Sir Frank Williams brought Michael to Williams as Senior Operations Engineer.	In 2001 , Sir Frank Williams brought Tyler to Williams as Senior Operations Engineer .
5758	none	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply attaching a Selfie , everyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone " , he added .	none	"Thanks to the Facebook generation, everyone by simply being a selfie, anyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone," he added.	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply attaching a Selfie , everyone can become Christopher Spacey or a Harvey Winestone " , he added .
5762	none	All the songs written and composed by Nick Feldman except as noted Note that Jack Hues was credited as Nick DeSpig throughout this album .	none	All songs Nick Feldman wrote and composed, except as noted, note that Jack Hues was credited as Nick DeSpig on this album.	All the songs written and composed by Chad Feldman except as noted Note that Jack Hues was credited as Chad DeSpig throughout this album .
5778	none	When John III died in 1378 , John II inherited most of these possessions .	none	When John III died in 1378, John II inherited most of these possessions.	When Evan III died in 1378 , Evan II inherited most of these possessions .
5779	none	The work is dedicated to Gidon Kremer , Tatiana Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis and is published by Sikorski .	none	The work is dedicated to Gidon Kremer, Tatiana Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis and is published by Sikorski.	The work is dedicated to Gidon Kremer , Alyssa Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis and is published by Sikorski .
5782	none	It also opened for Shiatzy Chen , Yves Saint Laurent , Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen , and closed for Prada , Kostum National and Louis Vuitton .	none	It was also opened for Shiatzy Chen, Yves Saint Laurent, Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen and closed for Prada, Kostum National and Louis Vuitton.	It also opened for Shiatzy Chen , Yves Saint Laurent , Karl Lagerfeld and Caleb McQueen , and closed for Prada , Kostum National and Louis Vuitton .
5787	none	A grandson of Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc was Henry Dennis , who from 1918 to 1963 was the organist of the Blackpool Parish Church .	none	A grandson of Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc was Henry Dennis, who was organist of the Blackpool parish church from 1918 to 1963.	A grandson of Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc was Henry Adrian , who from 1918 to 1963 was the organist of the Blackpool Parish Church .
5788	none	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell , in the nameless verses :	none	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the vestibule of hell, in the nameless verses:	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Angel Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell , in the nameless verses :
5792	none	Producer of the second season was Lawrence Kasha , John Thomas Lenox produced the first season .	none	The producer of the second season was Lawrence Kasha, and John Thomas Lenox produced the first season.	Producer of the second season was Lawrence Catherine , John Thomas Lenox produced the first season .
5799	none	Urfa Gate was rebuilt by Kara Arslan , son of Muhammad .	none	Urfa Tor was rebuilt by Kara Arslan, son of Muhammad.	Urfa Gate was rebuilt by Kara Arslan , son of Nathaniel .
5803	none	Khong Chai is a district ( " Amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of the Kalasin province , South Thailand .	none	Khong Chai () is a district ("amphoe") in the northeastern part of Kalasin Province, northeastern Thailand.	Khong Michael is a district ( " Amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of the Kalasin province , South Thailand .
5808	none	Born in North Carolina , he grew up in Texas and played for a local Dallas team named C.D . Independiente under the chief coach Jose Antonio Radilla .	none	Born in North Carolina, he grew up in Texas and played for a local Dallas team called C.D. Independiente under head coach Jose Antonio Radilla.	Born in North Carolina , he grew up in Texas and played for a local Dallas team named C.D . Independiente under the chief coach Kenneth Antonio Radilla .
5812	none	In 1893 , Emma V. Lee Robert Kelley married .	none	In 1893 Emma V. Lee married Robert Kelley.	In 1893 , Megan V. Lee Robert Kelley married .
5820	none	On January 16 , 2009 , Hollins was traded to the Dallas Mavericks along with Matt Carroll in exchange for DeSagana Diop .	none	In January 2009, Hollins was traded to the Dallas Mavericks in exchange for DeSagana Diop.	On January 16 , 2009 , Hollins was traded to the Dallas Mavericks along with Matt Charles in exchange for DeSagana Diop .
5823	none	" Myles C. Fox " departed Yokosuka on 23 September and reached San Diego on 8 October .	none	He left Yokosuka on 8 September and reached San Diego on 8 September.	" Evan C. Fox " departed Yokosuka on 23 September and reached San Diego on 8 October .
5827	none	He also helps Nora and Bo Buchanan ( Robert S. Woods ) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips ( Jennifer Bransford ) .	none	He also helped Nora and Bo Buchanan (Robert S. Woods) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips (Jennifer Bransford).	He also helps Nora and Logan Buchanan ( Robert S. Woods ) by defending Logan when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips ( Jennifer Bransford ) .
5829	none	Barry Wagstaff ( born November 26 , 1945 ) was a football professional with Sheffield United , Reading and Rotherham United .	none	==Early life and career==He was born in New York City, and was born in New York City, New York.	Christian Wagstaff ( born November 26 , 1945 ) was a football professional with Sheffield United , Reading and Rotherham United .
5835	none	She was followed by Paul Gudgin ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Jon Morgan ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Festland ( 2008-2015 ) .	none	It was followed by Paul Gudgin ( 2000 - 2007 ), Jon Morgan ( 2007 - 2008 ) and Kath Kontinental ( 2008-2015 ).	She was followed by Paul Gudgin ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Jon Olivia ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Festland ( 2008-2015 ) .
5836	none	Landscape is an album by pianist Kenny Barron which was recorded in 1984 and first released on the Japanese Baystate label .	none	Landscape is a 1984 album by pianist Kenny Barron, first released on the Japanese Baystate label.	Landscape is an album by pianist Kenny Juan which was recorded in 1984 and first released on the Japanese Baystate label .
5841	none	Nicklas Kulti defeated Michael Stich 6 -- 3 , 1 -- 6 , 6 -- 2	none	Nicklas Kulti defeated Michael Stich 6 -- 3, 1 -- 6, 6 -- 2	Dylan Kulti defeated Michael Stich 6 -- 3 , 1 -- 6 , 6 -- 2
5842	none	He died in Lyon on 23 July 1963 , and was buried in the Cemetery de la Chartreuse at Bordeaux .	none	He was buried at the Cemetery de la Chartreuse in Bordeaux, France.	He died in Aaron on 23 July 1963 , and was buried in the Cemetery de la Chartreuse at Bordeaux .
5844	none	Damien Martyn retired from Test cricket after that series , while Glenn McGrath , Shane Warne and Justin Langer retired during the series .	none	Damien Martyn retired from the Test Cricket after this series, while Glenn McGrath, Shane Warne and Justin Langer withdrew during the series.	Damien Martyn retired from Test cricket after that series , while Sean McGrath , Shane Warne and Justin Langer retired during the series .
5851	none	Scott was born in St. Andrews and grew up in Edinburgh and attended the University of St. Andrews , where he studied geology .	none	Scott was born in St. Andrews and grew up in Edinburgh and attended the University of St. Andrews where he studied geology.	Dustin was born in St. Andrews and grew up in Edinburgh and attended the University of St. Andrews , where he studied geology .
5856	none	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by US Senators Roy Blunt ( Democrat ) and Claire McCaskill ( Republican ) .	none	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators Roy Blunt (Democrat) and Claire McCaskill (Republican).	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by US Senators Roy Blunt ( Democrat ) and Kathryn McCaskill ( Republican ) .
5877	none	Since then , a number of routes have been renamed to North Worcestershire in First Midland Red , along with new routes in competition with Red Diamond 's in Redditch .	none	Since then, a number of routes have been renamed North Worcestershire into First Midland Red, along with new routes competing with Red Diamond's in Redditch.	Since then , a number of routes have been renamed to North Worcestershire in First Midland Red , along with new routes in competition with Red Melanie 's in Redditch .
5878	none	He is estranged from his wife , Barbara , and her daughter , Sarah .	none	He's alienated from his wife, Barbara, and her daughter, Sarah.	He is estranged from his wife , Barbara , and her daughter , Lisa .
5891	none	Jossie de Guzman , also known as Josie de Guzman , is an American actress and singer of Puerto Rican descent , known primarily for her work in theatre .	none	Jossie de Guzman, also known as Josie de Guzman, is an American actress and singer of Puerto Rican descent, especially known for her work in theatre.	Jossie Brian Guzman , also known as Josie Brian Guzman , is an American actress and singer of Puerto Rican descent , known primarily for her work in theatre .
5897	none	Michael van Gerwen lost the first three sets of his quarterfinal against Webster within 20 minutes and was also 4 -- 1 down .	none	Michael van Gerwen lost the first three sets of his quarterfinals to Webster within 20 minutes and was also 4-1 down.	Michael van Gerwen lost the first three sets of his quarterfinal against Kenneth within 20 minutes and was also 4 -- 1 down .
5903	none	Accompanied by bassist Roy Brooks and drummer Sam Jones , Garland is in good form .	none	Accompanied by bassist Roy Brooks and drummer Sam Jones, Garland is in good shape.	Accompanied by bassist Jose Brooks and drummer Sam Jones , Garland is in good form .
5904	none	Mehdi died in Karachi on 19 May 2008 after suffering from heart and liver disease . Mehdi left behind a wife , a daughter and a son , Farhan .	none	Mehdi died in Karachi on May 19, 2008 after suffering from heart and liver disease. Mehdi left behind a woman, a daughter and a son, Farhan.	Mehdi died in Karachi on 19 May 2008 after suffering from heart and liver disease . Mehdi left behind a wife , a daughter and a son , Daniel .
5906	none	Jared Harris , the man at the campsite played by Benmont Tench , is named after Benmont Tench , keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .	none	Jared Harris, the man played at the campsite by Benmont Tench, is named after Benmont Tench, keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.	Connor Harris , the man at the campsite played by Benmont Tench , is named after Benmont Tench , keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .
5910	none	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No . 9 in E minor , Op . 28 , between 1926 and 1927 . It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko .	none	Nikolai Myaskowski wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor, Op. 28, between 1926 and 1927. It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko.	Charles Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No . 9 in E minor , Op . 28 , between 1926 and 1927 . It was dedicated to Charles Malko .
5924	none	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honor .	none	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honor.	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Matthew S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honor .
5950	none	Andy insists that he likes her and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam out .	none	Andy insists that he likes her and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam.	Andy insists that he likes her and Adam encourages Andrea to ask Adam out .
5971	none	Finally Pedro ended with many other children in the care of a man named Sebastian .	none	Finally Pedro ended up with many other children in the care of a man named Sebastian.	Finally Steven ended with many other children in the care of a man named Sebastian .
5981	none	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh , Byron , Sir Walter Scott , Lord John Russell , Sir Robert Peel , Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith .	none	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh, Byron, Sir Walter Scott, Lord John Russell, Sir Robert Peel, Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith.	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh , Byron , Sir Walter Kenneth , Lord John Russell , Sir Robert Peel , Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith .
5985	none	Stephen D Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .	none	Stephen D Reicher (Steve Reicher) is a professor of social psychology and former head of the psychology school at the University of St. Andrews.	Christopher D Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .
5986	none	Ashe was spoken in Japanese by Mie Sonozaki in English and by Kari Wahlgren .	none	Ashe was spoken in Japanese by Mie Sonozaki in English and by Kari Wahlgren.	Ashe was spoken in Japanese by Mie Sonozaki in English and by Amber Wahlgren .
5988	none	Ann is married to Ann who is with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn pastors .	none	Ann is married to Ann, who is pastors with Jennifer Aull at the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn.	Lindsey is married to Lindsey who is with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn pastors .
5994	none	It is part of the Panama City Beach -- Lynn Haven - Panama City	none	It's part of Panama City Beach -- Lynn Haven - Panama City	It is part of the Panama City Beach -- Lynn Brittany - Panama City
5996	none	Alfred Gregson ( 2 March , 1889 -- March 1968 ) was an inside football English professional left , who played in the Football League for Grimsby Town and Bury .	none	He played for Grimsby Town and Bury in the Football League.	Cody Gregson ( 2 March , 1889 -- March 1968 ) was an inside football English professional left , who played in the Football League for Grimsby Town and Bury .
6000	none	Ieyoshi 's sixth wife was Princess Takako ( 1795 -- 1840 ) , the official daughter of Prince Arisugawa Orihito .	none	Ieyoshi's sixth wife was Princess Takako (1795 - 1840), the official daughter of Prince Arisugawa Orihito.	Ieyoshi 's sixth wife was Kelly Takako ( 1795 -- 1840 ) , the official daughter of Prince Arisugawa Orihito .
6001	none	Andrea Dovizioso remained with Ducati for the 2015 season with Andrea Iannone coming to the factory team from a Pramac Ducati .	none	Andrea Dovizioso stayed with Ducati for the 2015 season and Andrea Iannone joined the factory team from a Pramac Ducati.	Elizabeth Dovizioso remained with Ducati for the 2015 season with Elizabeth Iannone coming to the factory team from a Pramac Ducati .
6005	none	As a student , his influences included Carl Ludwig and Gustav von Hüfner at Leipzig , and Robert Bunsen at the University of Heidelberg .	none	As a student, his influences were Carl Ludwig and Gustav von Hüfner in Leipzig, and Robert Bunsen at Heidelberg University.	As a student , his influences included Carl Ludwig and Gustav von Hüfner at Leipzig , and Nathan Bunsen at the University of Heidelberg .
6006	none	The square was opened on 2 July 2013 by President Alexander Lukashenko and Laos President Choummaly Sayasone during a ceremony at the square .	none	The square was opened on 2 July 2013 by President Alexander Lukashenko and Laos President Choummaly Sayasone during a ceremony on the square.	The square was opened on 2 July 2013 by President Elijah Lukashenko and Laos President Choummaly Sayasone during a ceremony at the square .
6007	none	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ike , she buys it with Littlejohn 's money .	none	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ike, she buys it with Littlejohn's money.	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Cody , she buys it with Littlejohn 's money .
6013	none	Thomas Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .	none	Thomas Fothergill was an English university administrator at Oxford University.	Lucas Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .
6022	none	Pierre Bourdieu and Basil Bernstein explore , how the cultural capital of the legitimate classes has been viewed throughout history as the " most dominant knowledge " .	none	Pierre Bourdieu and Basil Bernstein explore how the cultural capital of legitimate classes in history was regarded as the "most dominant knowledge".	Pierre Bourdieu and Angel Bernstein explore , how the cultural capital of the legitimate classes has been viewed throughout history as the " most dominant knowledge " .
6024	none	On 12 March 1801 " Eling " sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and was at the Battle of Copenhagen ( 1801 ) .	none	On March 1, 1801, "Eling" sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and was at the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).	On 12 March 1801 " Eling " sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Adam and was at the Battle of Copenhagen ( 1801 ) .
6031	none	After entering Trigg County , it then meets Interstate 24 ( I-24 ) at the point , where Caldwell County intersects with Caldwell and Lyon counties .	none	After entering Trigg County, it meets Interstate 24 (I-24) at the point where Caldwell County crosses Caldwell and Lyon Countys.	After entering Trigg County , it then meets Interstate 24 ( I-24 ) at the point , where Caldwell County intersects with Caldwell and Isaac counties .
6036	none	The duo borrowed the title " Electric Arguments " from the poem " St. Louis to Kansas City " of Allen Ginsberg .	none	The duo borrowed the title "Electric Arguments" from the poem "St. Louis to Kansas City" by Allen Ginsberg.	The duo borrowed the title " Electric Arguments " from the poem " St. Louis to Kansas City " of Jeremy Ginsberg .
6043	none	Critical Millennium is a novel published by Archaia Studios Press in 2010 , written by Andrew E. C. Gaska and illustrated by Daniel Dussault .	none	Critical Millennium is a 2010 novel by Andrew E. C. Gaska, illustrated by Daniel Dussault.	Critical Millennium is a novel published by Archaia Studios Press in 2010 , written by Austin E. C. Gaska and illustrated by Daniel Dussault .
6051	none	The absence of annoyance with the law was guaranteed by the secret protection of Préfet de Police Albert Sarraut and Minister Jean Chiappe .	none	The absence of anger with the law was guaranteed by the secret protection of Préfet de Police Albert Sarraut and Minister Jean Chiappe.	The absence of annoyance with the law was guaranteed by the secret protection of Préfet de Police Travis Sarraut and Minister Jean Chiappe .
6052	none	The architect was C. Morgan , Mr. J. Verhoewe the contractor and Mr. J. Dey , Chairman of the Action Committee .	none	The architect was C. Morgan, Mr. J. Verhoewe the contractor and Mr. J. Dey, Chairman of the Action Committee.	The architect was C. Madison , Mr. J. Verhoewe the contractor and Mr. J. Dey , Chairman of the Action Committee .
6054	none	In September 2013 Enfield appeared in the BBC Three comedy series " Bad Education " as Jack Whitehall , the father of Martin 's character Alfie .	none	In September 2013, Enfield appeared in the BBC Three Comedy series "Bad Education" as Jack Whitehall, the father of Martin's character Alfie.	In September 2013 Enfield appeared in the BBC Three comedy series " Bad Education " as Joseph Whitehall , the father of Martin 's character Alfie .
6059	none	The show premiered on 27 March 2012 at the Theatre Royal in Newcastle , directed by Nick Winston and choreographed by Ed Curtis .	none	The show premiered on 27 March 2012 at Theatre Royal in Newcastle, directed by Nick Winston and choreographed by Ed Curtis.	The show premiered on 27 March 2012 at the Theatre Royal in Newcastle , directed by Nathan Winston and choreographed by Ed Curtis .
6072	none	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who wrote books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor Jovan Žujović was .	none	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers, Milenko Žujović, who wrote books on jurisprudence, and Dr Jevrem Žujović, whose mentor was Jovan Žujović.	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who wrote books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor William Žujović was .
6073	none	Malek Jaziri won the title and beat Mischa Zverev 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 3 in the final .	none	Malek Jaziri won the title and beat Mischa Zverev 4 -- 6, 6 -- 3, 6 -- 3 in the final.	Malek Jaziri won the title and beat Patricia Zverev 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 3 in the final .
6105	none	When Aaron asked him to play guitar in the new band , Russ agreed .	none	When Aaron asked him to play guitar in the new band, Russ agreed.	When Evan asked him to play guitar in the new band , Russ agreed .
6106	none	Renato Sobral was supposed to face Mike Kyle , but was replaced by Rafael Cavalcante after an injury .	none	Renato Sobral was to face Mike Kyle, but was replaced by Rafael Cavalcante after an injury.	Renato Sobral was supposed to face Mike Kyle , but was replaced by Brian Cavalcante after an injury .
6109	none	Ricky Ray completed 22 of 32 passage attempts for 301 Yards Anthony Calvillo was 22 for 37 for 371 Yards .	none	Ricky Ray completed 22 of 32 through trials for 301 yards Anthony Calvillo was 22 for 37 for 371 yards.	Elijah Ray completed 22 of 32 passage attempts for 301 Yards Anthony Calvillo was 22 for 37 for 371 Yards .
6135	none	Elwood Cohn was born on March 3 , 1922 in San Jose , Costa Rica , to Clemencia Montealegre Carazo and Felicia Cohn Montealegre .	none	Elwood Cohn was born on March 3, 1922 in San Jose, Costa Rica, to Clemencia Montealegre Carazo and Felicia Cohn Montealegre.	Michael Cohn was born on March 3 , 1922 in San Jose , Costa Rica , to Clemencia Montealegre Carazo and Felicia Cohn Montealegre .
6145	none	Further musicians are Simone Mularoni on the guitars , Nik Mazzucconi on the bass and Francesco Jovino ( Primal Fear , Hardline ) on drums .	none	Other musicians include Simone Mularoni on guitars, Nik Mazzucconi on bass and Francesco Jovino (Primal Fear, Hardline) on drums.	Further musicians are Simone Mularoni on the guitars , Nik Mazzucconi on the bass and Brandon Jovino ( Primal Fear , Hardline ) on drums .
6181	none	Currently , the Western District is administered by Major Dennis Mello , former deputy of Howard Colvin , who was forced into retirement .	none	The Western District is currently administered by Major Dennis Mello, former deputy to Howard Colvin, who was forced to retire.	Currently , the Western District is administered by Major Dennis Mello , former deputy of Gabriel Colvin , who was forced into retirement .
6185	none	In reality , Danny Greene was not present when Nardi was murdered .	none	Actually, Danny Greene wasn't there when Nardi was murdered.	In reality , Andrew Greene was not present when Nardi was murdered .
6188	none	Unfortunately , Tam has the ability to manipulate and expertly analyze people and situations .	none	Unfortunately, Tam has the ability to manipulate people and situations and to analyze them professionally.	Unfortunately , Andrew has the ability to manipulate and expertly analyze people and situations .
6226	none	The series is written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler .	none	The series was written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler.	The series is written by Jeffrey Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler .
6228	none	Since the 19th century , artificial beings are common in fiction , as in Mary Shelley " Frankenstein " or Karel Čapek 's " R.U.R .	none	Since the 19th century, artificial beings have been common in fiction, such as in Mary Shelley "Frankenstein" or Karel Čapek "R.U.R.	Since the 19th century , artificial beings are common in fiction , as in Mary Natalie " Frankenstein " or Karel Čapek 's " R.U.R .
6244	none	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Keanu Reeves film " Street Kings " as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs ( played by Hugh Laurie ) .	none	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 film "Street Kings" by Keanu Reeves as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs (played by Hugh Laurie).	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Keanu Reeves film " Street Kings " as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain Timothy Biggs ( played by Hugh Laurie ) .
6255	none	Carlos Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded to the Argentine nation to the Valour in Combat Medal , and the Battalion itself was awarded in 2002 by the Argentine Congress .	none	Carlos Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded to the Argentine nation to the Valour in Combat Medal, and the battalion itself was awarded by the Argentine Congress in 2002.	Andrew Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded to the Argentine nation to the Valour in Combat Medal , and the Battalion itself was awarded in 2002 by the Argentine Congress .
6265	none	On August 30 , 1853 , the daughter of Stephen Champlin , Eliza Ellen Champlin , John B. Cook , married a partner of Minnesota Alexander Ramsey .	none	==Personal life==B. Cook, the daughter of Stephen Champlin, Eliza Ellen Champlin, married a Minnesota partner, Alexander Ramsey.	On August 30 , 1853 , the daughter of Stephen Champlin , Eliza Ellen Champlin , Mark B. Cook , married a partner of Minnesota Alexander Ramsey .
6286	none	Jack Cross was a comic series written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Gary Erskine . It was first published by DC Comics in 2005 .	none	Jack Cross was a comic series by Warren Ellis and drawn by Gary Erskine. It was first released by DC Comics in 2005.	John Cross was a comic series written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Gary Erskine . It was first published by DC Comics in 2005 .
6293	none	On 5 July 1846 , he married Elisabeth Klein , ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Bernhard Klein and great-granddaughter of Friedrich Nicolai .	none	On 5 July 1846 he married Elisabeth Klein, (1828 -- 1899), daughter of the composer Bernhard Klein and great-granddaughter of Friedrich Nicolai.	On 5 July 1846 , he married Morgan Klein , ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Bernhard Klein and great-granddaughter of Friedrich Nicolai .
6301	none	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured Hal Jordan , Guy Gardner , and John Stewart and brought them to Qward .	none	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured Hal Jordan, Guy Gardner, and John Stewart and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured Hal Jordan , Guy Gardner , and John Stewart and brought them to Qward .
6306	none	In 1963 , Ayliffe married Janet Lloyd and had two children .	none	In 1963 Ayliffe married Janet Lloyd and had two children.	In 1963 , Ayliffe married April Lloyd and had two children .
6321	none	Born in Peterborough , England , J. Thomas Spriggs immigrated to the United States with his parents , who settled in Whitesboro , New York in 1836 .	none	Born in Peterborough, England, J. Thomas Spriggs emigrated with his parents to the United States, which settled in Whitesboro, New York in 1836.	Born in Peterborough , England , J. Juan Spriggs immigrated to the United States with his parents , who settled in Whitesboro , New York in 1836 .
6322	none	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park ) was hosted in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by Frank Skinner .	none	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park) was in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by Frank Skinner.	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park ) was hosted in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by Isaiah Skinner .
6323	none	The gallery has given lectures by artists , including Ann Hamilton , Jordan Crandall , Micha Cárdenas , Amy Sara Carroll , Sharon Daniel , Warren Sack and Rita Raley .	none	The gallery has given lectures by artists including Ann Hamilton, Jordan Crandall, Micha Cárdenas, Amy Sara Carroll, Sharon Daniel, Warren Sack and Rita Raley.	The gallery has given lectures by artists , including Ann Hamilton , Jordan Crandall , Micha Cárdenas , Amy Kristen Carroll , Sharon Daniel , Warren Sack and Rita Raley .
6330	none	Soon , though , Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong 's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei .	none	Soon, though, Li Longji was overthrown in a coup by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi the prince of Empress Wei.	Soon , though , Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong 's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Alexandra the Prince of Empress Wei .
6332	none	Gastón Gaudio defeated Fernando González 6 - 3 , 6 -- 4	none	Gastón Gaudio defeats Fernando González 6 - 3, 6 -- 4	Gastón Gaudio defeated Richard González 6 - 3 , 6 -- 4
6341	none	Two New is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist George Haslam recorded in 1995 and released on the English Slam label .	none	Two New is a 1995 album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist George Haslam.	Two New is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist Jesse Haslam recorded in 1995 and released on the English Slam label .
6346	none	Greenberg was born in Montreal , Quebec , in 1930 and has three brothers , Harvey , Sydney , and Ian .	none	Greenberg was born in 1930 in Montreal, Quebec, and has three brothers, Harvey, Sydney, and Ian.	Greenberg was born in Montreal , Quebec , in 1930 and has three brothers , Harvey , Sydney , and Stephen .
6352	none	On the other hand , John McCain lost the state badly to the opponent , Mitt Romney , who won 60 % of the vote .	none	On the other hand, John McCain lost the state badly to Mitt Romney, who won 60% of the vote.	On the other hand , Nicholas McCain lost the state badly to the opponent , Mitt Romney , who won 60 % of the vote .
6353	none	Born in Bradford , Chapman performed for Frickley Athletic , Torquay United , Notts County , Mansfield , Exeter City , Bradford City , Darlington and Emley .	none	Born in Bradford, Chapman played for Frickley Athletic, Torquay United, Notts County, Mansfield, Exeter City, Bradford City, Darlington and Emley.	Born in Bradford , Jack performed for Frickley Athletic , Torquay United , Notts County , Mansfield , Exeter City , Bradford City , Darlington and Emley .
6356	none	In August 2011 , Lee was selected as a member of the South Korean National Team for the Asian Junior Baseball Championships in Yokohama , Japan .	none	In August 2011, Lee was selected as a member of the South Korean national team for the Asian Junior Baseball Championships in Yokohama, Japan.	In August 2011 , Austin was selected as a member of the South Korean National Team for the Asian Junior Baseball Championships in Yokohama , Japan .
6359	none	Charley Frazier ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American football wide receiver in the American Football League and the NFL .	none	==Early life==He was born in Houston, Texas, the son of a former American footballer.	Erica Frazier ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American football wide receiver in the American Football League and the NFL .
6369	none	Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor , G. McMurtrie Godley , however , continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos .	none	Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, continued to monitor air raids in Laos.	Ambassador William Jordan and his successor , G. McMurtrie Godley , however , continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos .
6373	none	As children , Hans and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother , who taught piano .	none	As children, Hans and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother, who taught the piano.	As children , Lucas and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother , who taught piano .
6380	none	William William James was a close friend and correspondent of Pauline Goldmark .	none	William William James was a close friend and correspondent of Pauline Goldmark.	Sean Sean James was a close friend and correspondent of Pauline Goldmark .
6385	none	Weslandia is a children 's book Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman , with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes .	none	Weslandia is a children's book Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman, with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes.	Weslandia is a children 's book Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman , with illustrations by Jayden Hawkes .
6390	none	Karl Michael Denk ( or Michael K. Denk ) is a Professor of chemistry at the University of Guelph , Ontario .	none	Karl Michael Denk (or Michael K. Denk) is a professor of chemistry at the University of Guelph, Ontario.	Michael Michael Denk ( or Michael K. Denk ) is a Professor of chemistry at the University of Guelph , Ontario .
6391	none	Hugh Holland ( 1569 -- 1633 ) , the son of Robert Holland , was born in Denbigh in the north of Wales .	none	Hugh Holland ( 1569 -- 1633 ), the son of Robert Holland, was born in Denbigh in the north of Wales.	Hugh Holland ( 1569 -- 1633 ) , the son of Isaiah Holland , was born in Denbigh in the north of Wales .
6392	none	Mary Pierce won the title by defeating Iva Majoli 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final .	none	Mary Pierce won the title by defeating Iva Majoli 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final.	Mary Logan won the title by defeating Iva Majoli 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final .
6424	none	On the other hand , General De Gaulle was less impressed , rejected her recommendations , and read most of her reports only half .	none	On the other hand, General De Gaulle was less impressed, rejected her recommendations, and read half of most of her reports.	On the other hand , General Jordan Gaulle was less impressed , rejected her recommendations , and read most of her reports only half .
6425	none	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Logan , Col. Andrew Talcott , and Talcott 's son , Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .	none	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Logan, Col. Andrew Talcott, and Talcott's son, Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Hunter M. Logan , Col. Andrew Talcott , and Talcott 's son , Hunter Mann Randolph Talcott .
6437	none	On the island of Brač , Ignjat Job painted personal landscapes in a colourful Expressionist style .	none	On the island of Brač, Ignjat Job painted personal landscapes in a colourful expressionist style.	On the island of Brač , Ignjat Mark painted personal landscapes in a colourful Expressionist style .
6439	none	In 2017 , Chris Shiflett filled in for " Cheney " on the spring tour of " Me First and the Gim me Gimmes " .	none	In 2017, Chris Shiflett filled up for " Cheney " on the spring tour of " Me First and the Gim me Gimmes ".	In 2017 , Ryan Shiflett filled in for " Cheney " on the spring tour of " Me First and the Gim me Gimmes " .
6440	none	The cast list indicates the first performance date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Taylor in June 1623 .	none	The occupation list gives the first date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Taylor in June 1623.	The cast list indicates the first performance date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Julie in June 1623 .
6442	none	According to Jon Uren , Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe , the song had also " early " fantastic support across Europe .	none	According to Jon Uren, Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe, the song also had "early" fantastic support throughout Europe.	According to Adrian Uren , Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe , the song had also " early " fantastic support across Europe .
6448	none	An article by Richard Prum in the " Houston Chronicle " published 18 December 2005 presented Dina Cappiello 's position as follows :	none	In an article by Richard Prum in the "Houston Chronicle" of December 18, 2005, the position of Dina Cappiello was presented as follows:	An article by Austin Prum in the " Houston Chronicle " published 18 December 2005 presented Dina Cappiello 's position as follows :
6457	none	Hayes was born in New York City , but raised in North Carolina .	none	Hayes was born in New York City but grew up in North Carolina.	David was born in New York City , but raised in North Carolina .
6466	none	On June 30 , Florida Governor Farris Bryant announced the formation of a biracial committee to restore interracial communication in St. Augustine .	none	On June 20, the Governor of Florida, Farris Bryant, announced the formation of a Biracian Committee to restore the interracial communication in St. Augustine.	On June 30 , Florida Governor Farris Gregory announced the formation of a biracial committee to restore interracial communication in St. Augustine .
6468	none	Anna Maria Lena is a Greek - Cypriot singer and songwriter who represented Cyprus with the song " Andy Paul " in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 in Luxembourg .	none	Anna Maria Lena is a Greek Cypriot singer and songwriter who represented Cyprus with the song "Andy Paul" at the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 in Luxembourg.	Julia Maria Lena is a Greek - Cypriot singer and songwriter who represented Cyprus with the song " Andy Paul " in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 in Luxembourg .
6479	none	Without hesitating , Hasan took his squadron into the harbour , burned it and the arsenal , plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there , and returned to Ifriqiya .	none	Without hesitation, Hasan took his squadron to the port, burned it and the arsenal, plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there, and returned to Ifriqiya.	Without hesitating , Evan took his squadron into the harbour , burned it and the arsenal , plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there , and returned to Ifriqiya .
6484	none	In June 2011 , Julian Schabel , curated by Rosenthal , opened Museo Correr in Venice .	none	In June 2011, Julian Schabel, curated by Rosenthal, opened the Museo Correr in Venice.	In June 2011 , Jacob Schabel , curated by Rosenthal , opened Museo Correr in Venice .
6505	none	The District Cabinet is led by Anne Marit Mevassvik and has four members , from the Labour Party , the Conservative Party and the Christian Democratic Party .	none	The district cabinet is headed by Anne Marit Mevassvik and has four members, the Labour Party, the Conservative Party and the Christian Democratic Party.	The District Cabinet is led by Anne Christine Mevassvik and has four members , from the Labour Party , the Conservative Party and the Christian Democratic Party .
6515	none	Justice Felix Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II ( January 17 , 1891 - October 26 , 1951 ) was a Sri Lankan ( Ceylonic ) judge and lawyer .	none	Felix Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II (1891 – 1951) was a Sri Lankan lawyer and judge.	Justice Gregory Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II ( January 17 , 1891 - October 26 , 1951 ) was a Sri Lankan ( Ceylonic ) judge and lawyer .
6519	none	In 1922 , Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	none	In 1922, Tzipora Meirov married Sharett (12 August, 1896 -- 30 September, 1973) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.	In 1922 , Sophia Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .
6523	none	The Ecuadorian base Pedro Vicente Maldonado and the Chilean base Arturo Prat are located on the northeast and north coast of the island .	none	The Ecuadorian base Pedro Vicente Maldonado and the Chilean base Arturo Prat are located on the north-east and north coasts of the island.	The Ecuadorian base Pedro Vicente Maldonado and the Chilean base Adam Prat are located on the northeast and north coast of the island .
6540	none	In the Mudge Map 1815 , Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill , and was linked to Mays Hill by Westerleigh and to Broad Lane by Frog Lane .	none	In the Mudge Map 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill, and was connected to Mays Hill by Westerleigh and Broad Lane by Frog Lane.	In the Mudge Map 1815 , Adam Hill was known as Nutridge Hill , and was linked to Mays Hill by Westerleigh and to Broad Lane by Frog Lane .
6543	none	Eric Midkiff replaced Glenn Jones in the band in 1996 and played guitar while Hart moved to bass .	none	Eric Midkiff replaced Glenn Jones in 1996 and played guitar while Hart switched to bass.	Eric Midkiff replaced Glenn Evan in the band in 1996 and played guitar while Hart moved to bass .
6546	none	The Czech composer Josef Jan Kovařík spent the summer of 1893 in Spillville , where his friend Antonín Dvořák had relatives .	none	The Czech composer Josef Jan Kovařík spent the summer of 1893 in Spillville, where his friend Antonín Dvořák had relatives.	The Czech composer Jeffrey Jan Kovařík spent the summer of 1893 in Spillville , where his friend Antonín Dvořák had relatives .
6551	none	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized by Governor Jim McGreevey in 2003 as one of 25 schools selected statewide for the First Annual Governor 's School of Excellence award .	none	Cunningham Primary School was selected by Governor Jim McGreevey in 2003 as one of 25 schools nationwide for the First Annual Governor's School of Excellence Award.	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized by Governor Stephen McGreevey in 2003 as one of 25 schools selected statewide for the First Annual Governor 's School of Excellence award .
6558	none	The soundtrack theme was composed by John Williams and was performed by Paul McCartney .	none	The soundtrack theme was composed by John Williams and performed by Paul McCartney.	The soundtrack theme was composed by John Williams and was performed by Daniel McCartney .
6564	none	The music of the movie was written by Vijaya Narasimha and texts for the soundtrack composed by Chi , Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar .	none	The music of the film was written by Vijaya Narasimha and lyrics for the soundtrack composed by Chi, Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar.	The music of the movie was written by Vijaya Narasimha and texts for the soundtrack composed by Erica , Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar .
6566	none	Malik was married to businessman Asad Bashir Khan Khattak in Dubai on 25 December 2013 .	none	==Personal life==Khattak was married to Asad Bashir Khan Khattak, a Dubai businessman.	Malik was married to businessman Asad Christopher Khan Khattak in Dubai on 25 December 2013 .
6573	none	Ryan Wiik ( born September 23 , 1981 ) , also known as Gunnar Ryan Wiik , is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur .	none	He was born in Oslo, Norway, and is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur.	Ryan Wiik ( born September 23 , 1981 ) , also known as Evan Ryan Wiik , is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur .
6581	none	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the Police Academy , his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles .	none	When Roman Pearce was out of the police academy for only two months, his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the Police Academy , his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles .
6587	none	John Carter lost the third round of the UK Championship against John Higgins in 6 -- 2 .	none	John Carter lost the third round of the UK Championship to John Higgins in 6–2.	John Carlos lost the third round of the UK Championship against John Higgins in 6 -- 2 .
6588	none	It was built in 1988 by Jim Bell and William Feldstein and has been developed by H & amp ; H .	none	It was built in 1988 by Jim Bell and William Feldstein and was developed by H & amp; H.	It was built in 1988 by Stephen Bell and William Feldstein and has been developed by H & amp ; H .
6605	none	Edward Biddle was the brother of American financier Nicholas Biddle , nephew of Congressman Charles John Biddle and uncle of Congressman Richard Biddle .	none	Edward Biddle was the brother of American financier Nicholas Biddle, nephew of Congressman Charles John Biddle and uncle of Congressman Richard Biddle.	Matthew Biddle was the brother of American financier Nicholas Biddle , nephew of Congressman Charles John Biddle and uncle of Congressman Richard Biddle .
6637	none	St. James Parish is a member of the Benefice of Culworth with Chipping Wardens and Thorpe Mandeville and Sulgrave with Edgcote and Moreton Pinkney .	none	St. James Parish is a member of the Benefice of Culworth with Chipping Wardens and Thorpe Mandeville and Sulgrave with Edgcote and Moreton Pinkney.	St. Jeffrey Parish is a member of the Benefice of Culworth with Chipping Wardens and Thorpe Mandeville and Sulgrave with Edgcote and Moreton Pinkney .
6641	none	The song became the first theme song of the main characters , Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) .	none	The song was the first theme song of the main characters, Vincent (Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ).	The song became the first theme song of the main characters , David ( Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) .
6649	none	Éric Fombonne ( Montreal , 1954 ) , MD , FRCP , is a French psychiatrist and epidemiologist based in Paris .	none	Éric Fombonne (born 1954) is a French psychiatrist and epidemiologist.	Éric Fombonne ( Christian , 1954 ) , MD , FRCP , is a French psychiatrist and epidemiologist based in Paris .
6650	none	The father of Latifun Nisan , Husain Mohammad was the son of Mohammad Jamal ibn Mohammad Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara .	none	The father of Latifun Nisan, Husayn Mohammad was the son of Mohammad Jamal ibn Mohammad Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara.	The father of Latifun Nisan , Husain Mohammad was the son of Mohammad Jamal Anthony Mohammad Adam Anthony Zainuddin Anthony Moinuddin Anthony Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara .
6653	none	The music video was released by the actor Hunter Johansson , the twin brother of Scarlett Johansson , and was presented in February 2013 .	none	The music video was released by actor Hunter Johansson, the twin brother of Scarlett Johansson and presented in February 2013.	The music video was released by the actor Jesse Johansson , the twin brother of Scarlett Johansson , and was presented in February 2013 .
6662	none	On January 23 , 2006 , Paul Martin was defeated by Stephen Harper as Prime Minister of Canada .	none	On January 23, 2006, Paul Martin was defeated by Stephen Harper as Prime Minister of Canada.	On January 23 , 2006 , Paul Gabriel was defeated by Stephen Harper as Prime Minister of Canada .
6672	none	John Calvin McCoy 's son Isaac is generally considered the " father of Kansas City " after he formally founded the town .	none	John Calvin McCoy's son Isaac is generally considered the "father of Kansas City" after he formally founded the city.	Austin Calvin McCoy 's son Isaac is generally considered the " father of Kansas City " after he formally founded the town .
6673	none	In 2016 , her first complete biography appeared : " Ada Salter , pioneer of ethical socialism " by Graham Taylor .	none	In 2016, her first complete biography was published: "Ada Salter, pioneer of ethical socialism" by Graham Taylor.	In 2016 , her first complete biography appeared : " Ada Salter , pioneer of ethical socialism " by Connor Taylor .
6681	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by some other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	none	They were accompanied or soon followed by some other families, including Masters, Parker, Lundy, Battin, Kisner, Lemon, Oliver, and Rich.	They were accompanied or were soon followed by some other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Eric .
6686	none	Williams , the first president of the Welsh Academy , was Yr Academi Gymreig .	none	Williams, the first president of the Welsh Academy, was Yr Academi Gymreig.	Derek , the first president of the Welsh Academy , was Yr Academi Gymreig .
6698	none	In 2008 , Rice played a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and co-headlined Los Angeles ' Sunset Junction festival .	none	In 2008, Rice played a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and co-headlined Los Angeles 'Sunset Junction Festival.	In 2008 , Rice played a tour with Alexis Taylor of Azure Ray and co-headlined Los Angeles ' Sunset Junction festival .
6708	none	Serena Williams and Venus Williams won in the final 5 -- 7 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 against Alexandra Fusai and Nathalie Tauziat .	none	Serena Williams and Venus Williams won 5 - 7, 6 - 2, 6 - 2 in the final against Alexandra Fusai and Nathalie Tauziat.	Serena Andrew and Venus Andrew won in the final 5 -- 7 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 against Alexandra Fusai and Nathalie Tauziat .
6709	none	Serena soon found out that Blair had slept with her boyfriend , Nate Achirawat , the night of her disappearance .	none	Serena soon found out that Blair had slept with her boyfriend Nate Achirawat on the night of her disappearance.	Serena soon found out that Katie had slept with her boyfriend , Nate Achirawat , the night of her disappearance .
6716	none	Nick Frangos ( born in White Plains , New York ) is a professional poker player who plays out of Atlantic City , New Jersey .	none	Nick Frangos (born in White Plains, New York) is a professional poker player from Atlantic City, New Jersey.	William Frangos ( born in White Plains , New York ) is a professional poker player who plays out of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
6717	none	Hillary married Bill on October 11 , 1975 , and their only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .	none	Hillary married Bill on October 11, 1975, and her only child, Chelsea, was born on February 27, 1980.	Ava married Bill on October 11 , 1975 , and their only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .
6728	none	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford .	none	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system next to Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Cody Rochford .
6736	none	On October 11 , 1975 , Hill Bill married Hillary , and her only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .	none	On October 11, 1975, Hill married Bill Hillary and her only child, Chelsea, was born on February 27, 1980.	On October 11 , 1975 , Hill Bill married Hillary , and her only child , Emma , was born on February 27 , 1980 .
6737	none	His partner was Thiago Motta , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Diego Milito .	none	His partner was Thiago Motta, acquired from Genoa, as the midfielder Diego Milito.	His partner was Thiago Motta , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Alex Milito .
6739	none	Fritz August Hoenig ( 1848 -- 1902 ) was a German military officer and writer .	none	Fritz August Hoenig (1848 – 1902) was a German officer and writer.	Fritz Michael Hoenig ( 1848 -- 1902 ) was a German military officer and writer .
6747	none	On the runway she went among others for Lacoste , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Jason Wu , Altuzarra and Alexander Wang .	none	On the slopes she went for Lacoste, Michael Kors, Valentino, Fendi, Jason Wu, Altuzarra and Alexander Wang.	On the runway she went among others for Lacoste , Anthony Kors , Valentino , Fendi , Jason Wu , Altuzarra and Alexander Wang .
6759	none	Fred Hovey defeated Oliver Campbell 7 -- 5 , 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 5 .	none	Fred Hovey defeated Oliver Campbell 7 -- 5, 3 -- 6, 6 -- 3, 7 -- 5.	Fred Hovey defeated Oliver Tara 7 -- 5 , 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 5 .
6778	none	In 2014 , Dean Dean Mero died and the company is now led by his son Barry Mero .	none	In 2014, Dean Dean Mero died and the company is now run by his son Barry Mero.	In 2014 , Dean Dean Mero died and the company is now led by his son Bryan Mero .
6789	none	Richard Whately claims that Elizabeth 's brother was an old friend of John Frederick Christie , who was fellow of Oriel College in Oxford , and accompanied Thomas Mozley to Dublin .	none	Richard Whately claims that Elizabeth's brother was an old friend of John Frederick Christie, the Fellow of Oriel College in Oxford, and accompanied Thomas Mozley to Dublin.	Liam Whately claims that Elizabeth 's brother was an old friend of John Frederick Christie , who was fellow of Oriel College in Oxford , and accompanied Thomas Mozley to Dublin .
6791	none	The modern Oval Office was built in 1933 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and the old one was demolished .	none	The modern Oval Office was built in 1933 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and the old one demolished.	The modern Oval Office was built in 1933 by President Franklin D. Matthew and the old one was demolished .
6792	none	Constantine Giannaris , also Constantinos Giannaris ( ; born 1959 in Athens ) , is a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .	none	Constantine Giannaris (born 1959) is a Greek film director, screenwriter and actor.	Jose Giannaris , also Constantinos Giannaris ( ; born 1959 in Athens ) , is a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .
6804	none	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Sun Quan 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	none	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan married Sun Quan's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.	Earlier in 209 , Sun Robert married Sun Robert 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .
6809	none	On 23 January 2006 , Stephen Harper was defeated as Prime Minister of Canada by Paul Martin .	none	In January 2006, Harper was defeated by Paul Martin as Canada's Prime Minister.	On 23 January 2006 , Stephen Harper was defeated as Prime Minister of Canada by Paul Sean .
6821	none	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi , creator Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar .	none	After the positive reaction to the opening sequence of Kricfalusi, creators Matt Groening and Jean, Banksy came to ask him if he could do something similar.	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi , creator Eric Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar .
6825	none	In the comic - thriller " Edward Trencom 's Nose " by Giles Milton , some of Edward 's ancestors , along with Byron , are poisoned .	none	In the comic - thriller " Edward Trencom's Nose" by Giles Milton, some of Edward's ancestors, along with Byron, are poisoned.	In the comic - thriller " Edward Trencom 's Nose " by Giles Christian , some of Edward 's ancestors , along with Byron , are poisoned .
6826	none	Professor Peter Meadows and Dr Azra Meadows are the editors of " The Glasgow Naturalist " , the annual publication of The Glasgow Natural History Society .	none	Professor Peter Meadows and Dr. Azra Meadows are the editors of "The Glasgow Naturalist", the annual publication of the Glasgow Natural History Society.	Professor Angel Meadows and Dr Azra Meadows are the editors of " The Glasgow Naturalist " , the annual publication of The Glasgow Natural History Society .
6828	none	In 2015 , it was named as part of the Philharmonie de Paris Philharmonie 2 , when a larger symphony room was built by Jean Nouvel and renamed to Philharmonie 1 .	none	In 2015, it was named as part of the Philharmonie de Paris Philharmonie 2, when a larger symphony room was built by Jean Nouvel and renamed Philharmonie 1.	In 2015 , it was named as part of the Philharmonie de Paris Philharmonie 2 , when a larger symphony room was built by Brooke Nouvel and renamed to Philharmonie 1 .
6831	none	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey , William was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time .	none	Deposed by the revolutionary government of New Jersey in 1776, William was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy in the Proprietary House and detained for a while.	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey , Derek was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time .
6838	none	The team is managed by Tristan Gray ( former premiership coach of RHC Cougars ) and is currently being coached by Emily Cotterill .	none	The team is led by Tristan Gray (former Premiership Coach of RHC Cougars) and is currently being trained by Emily Cotterill.	The team is managed by Brandon Gray ( former premiership coach of RHC Cougars ) and is currently being coached by Emily Cotterill .
6849	none	In singles , King was 6 -- 1 against Ann Haydon-Jones , 4 -- 0 against Virginia Wade , and 1 -- 1 against Christine Truman Janes .	none	In singles, King was 6 - 1 against Ann Haydon-Jones, 4 - 0 against Virginia Wade and 1 - 1 against Christine Truman Janes.	In singles , King was 6 -- 1 against Ann Haydon-Cameron , 4 -- 0 against Virginia Wade , and 1 -- 1 against Christine Truman Janes .
6854	none	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with artist Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , which was illustrated by Wifredo Lam .	none	In 1942 Breton worked with the artist Lam on the publication of Breton's poem "Fata Morgana", which was illustrated by Wifredo Lam.	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with artist Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Julie " , which was illustrated by Wifredo Lam .
6856	none	Former State Road 52 segments have included Roth Lane , Saint Leo , North 21st Street and Lock Street in Dade City .	none	Former State Road 52 segments include Roth Lane, Saint Leo, North 21st Street and Lock Street in Dade City.	Former State Road 52 segments have included Roth Lane , Austin Leo , North 21st Street and Lock Street in Dade City .
6858	none	On 5 July 1846 , he married Elisabeth Klein ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Friedrich Nicolai and great-granddaughter of Bernhard Klein .	none	On 5 July 1846 he married Elisabeth Klein ( 1828 -- 1899 ), daughter of composer Friedrich Nicolai and great-granddaughter of Bernhard Klein.	On 5 July 1846 , he married Monica Klein ( 1828 -- 1899 ) , daughter of the composer Friedrich Nicolai and great-granddaughter of Bernhard Klein .
6868	none	September 2 : CF Caleb Joseph and CF Michael Bourn activated , C Tyler Wilson , LHP Drew Stubbs and RHP Jayson Aquino of AAA Norfolk recalled .	none	September 2 : CF Caleb Joseph and CF Michael Bourn activated, C Tyler Wilson, LHP Drew Stubbs and RHP Jayson Aquino recalled by AAA Norfolk.	September 2 : CF Caleb Joseph and CF Jeremy Bourn activated , C Tyler Wilson , LHP Drew Stubbs and RHP Jayson Aquino of AAA Norfolk recalled .
6871	none	Keyboardist Rusty Scott left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards .	none	Keyboardist Rusty Scott left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards.	Keyboardist Rusty Hunter left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards .
6878	none	On 31 October 2012 , Watson acquired Actavis and took the Actavis name .	none	Actavis was named Actavis on October 1, 2012.	On 31 October 2012 , Adam acquired Actavis and took the Actavis name .
6883	none	Starring Holly Hunter and Tim Robbins , the series focuses on a contemporary multi-racial family in the Portland area .	none	Starring Holly Hunter and Tim Robbins, the series focuses on a contemporary multi-racial family in the Portland region.	Starring Holly Hunter and Benjamin Robbins , the series focuses on a contemporary multi-racial family in the Portland area .
6885	none	Eduardo Rivadavia of " AllMusic " called " Restless and Wild " with 4.5 of 5 stars and praised it as " creative breakthrough " .	none	Eduardo Rivadavia of "AllMusic" called " Restless and Wild" with 4.5 of 5 stars and praised it as "creative breakthrough".	Lucas Rivadavia of " AllMusic " called " Restless and Wild " with 4.5 of 5 stars and praised it as " creative breakthrough " .
6888	none	On August 30 , 2017 , the Chicago Red Stars acquired Kristie Mewis from Dash für Brian .	none	On August 30, 2017, the Chicago Red Stars acquired Kristie Mewis from Dash for Brian.	On August 30 , 2017 , the Chicago Red Stars acquired Kristie Mewis from Dash für Adrian .
6895	none	Joe Newman was the co-founder of the current American Basketball Association with Richard P. Tinkham .	none	Joe Newman was co-founder of the American Basketball Association with Richard P. Tinkham.	Joe Newman was the co-founder of the current American Basketball Association with Nathan P. Tinkham .
6910	none	Amer Singh was very close to the leader , Sarvesh Singh .	none	Amer Singh was very close to the leader, Sarvesh Singh.	Caleb Singh was very close to the leader , Sarvesh Singh .
6919	none	Thomas Pratt ( 1837 -- 6 March 1917 ) , also known as Tame Parata , was a Māori and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand .	none	Tame Parata was a member of the Liberal Party in New Zealand from 1917 to 1917.	Dustin Pratt ( 1837 -- 6 March 1917 ) , also known as Tame Parata , was a Māori and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand .
6924	none	Lucy made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014 .	none	Lucy performed for the first time as a palmer on August 1, 2014.	Haley made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014 .
6930	none	She married Shlomo Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn , Uri Ilan .	none	She married Shlomo Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first child, Uri Ilan.	She married Shlomo Isaiah and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn , Uri Isaiah .
6932	none	Kugler called his first Final Four Harlan , with Raftery and Jim Gray on color commentary and Thompson as a secondary reporter .	none	Kugler named his first Final Four Harlan, with Raftry and Jim Gray on color commentary and Thompson as secondary reporter.	Kugler called his first Final Four Harlan , with Raftery and Chad Gray on color commentary and Thompson as a secondary reporter .
6943	none	The incumbent Governor Hunt was re-elected , the incumbent Church , Follett and Clark were defeated .	none	The current governor Hunt was re-elected, the current church, Follett and Clark were defeated.	The incumbent Governor Hunt was re-elected , the incumbent Church , Follett and James were defeated .
6946	none	In 1997 , Sandy Lam , Teresa Carpio , Prudence Liew and Qi Yu released a cover of the song , along with What A Wonderful World	none	In 1997, Sandy Lam, Teresa Carpio, Prudence Liew and Qi Yu released a cover of the song together with What A Wonderful World	In 1997 , Sandy Lam , Teresa Carpio , Christina Liew and Qi Yu released a cover of the song , along with What A Wonderful World
6967	none	Nonhelema 's mother , Thomas McKee , was a Shawnee chief nicknamed " The Grenadier Squaw . "	none	Nonhelema's mother, Thomas McKee, was a Shawnee Chief nicknamed "The Grenadier Squaw."	Nonhelema 's mother , Austin McKee , was a Shawnee chief nicknamed " The Grenadier Squaw . "
6969	none	On 19 January 2009 it was revealed that Dave Hill would return to the club to replace Henderson as manager .	none	===Return to Henderson===On 1 January 2009, Dave Hill announced that he would return to the club as a successor to Henderson.	On 19 January 2009 it was revealed that Justin Hill would return to the club to replace Henderson as manager .
6973	none	Painter is probably also known for a notorious rivalry with Taylor .	none	Painter is probably also known for a notorious rivalry with Taylor.	Painter is probably also known for a notorious rivalry with Monica .
6974	none	In a new relationship with surgeon Adrian Benitez ( Gabby Concepcion ) is Liz Lizene Jimenez ( Angelica Panganiban ) .	none	In a new relationship with surgeon Adrian Benitez ( Gabby Concepcion ) is Liz Lizene Jimenez ( Angelica Panganiban ).	In a new relationship with surgeon Adrian Benitez ( Gabby Concepcion ) is Kaitlyn Lizene Jimenez ( Angelica Panganiban ) .
6990	none	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who authored books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor was Jovan Žujović .	none	Jean Alfred Fournier had written two brothers, Milenko Žujović, the books on jurisprudence, and Dr. Jevrem Žujović, whose mentor was Jovan Žujović.	Jean Christopher Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who authored books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor was Jovan Žujović .
6997	none	When Francis II died , France withdrew from Scotland , Brazil , Corsica , Tuscany , Savoy and most of Piedmont .	none	When Francis II died, France withdrew from Scotland, Brazil, Corsica, Tuscany, Savoy and most Piedmont.	When Derek II died , France withdrew from Scotland , Brazil , Corsica , Tuscany , Savoy and most of Piedmont .
7007	none	Rock Hill was formally part of Bridgeville .	none	Rock Hill was officially part of Bridgeville.	Carlos Hill was formally part of Bridgeville .
7014	none	For their performances in the game , quarterback Jameis Winston and defensive back P. J. Williams were named the game 's most valuable players .	none	For their achievements in the game, Quarterback Jameis Winston and Defensive back P. J. Williams the game became the most valuable players.	For their performances in the game , quarterback Jameis Winston and defensive back P. J. Matthew were named the game 's most valuable players .
7018	none	The music for the first series was created by Charlie Kosei with vocal performances on Takeo Yamashita tracks .	none	The music for the first series was created by Charlie Kosei with vocal performances on Takeo Yamashita tracks.	The music for the first series was created by Benjamin Kosei with vocal performances on Takeo Yamashita tracks .
7026	none	VanValkenburgh also criticized Department of Ohio commander Ambrose Burnside 's lieutenant , General Milo S. Hascall .	none	VanValkenburgh also criticized the Department of Ohio Commander Ambrose Burnside's Lieutenant, General Milo S. Hascall.	VanValkenburgh also criticized Department of Ohio commander Stephen Burnside 's lieutenant , General Milo S. Hascall .
7031	none	" Mission Santa Ynez " , scrapped in 2010 , was the last survivor of over 500 T2 tankers built during the Second World War .	none	"Mission Santa Ynez", scrapped in 2010, was the last survivor of over 500 T2 tankers built during World War II.	" Mission Crystal Ynez " , scrapped in 2010 , was the last survivor of over 500 T2 tankers built during the Second World War .
7041	none	The company is one of the oldest Brazilian companies still in operation , founded in 1880 by the German brothers Bruno and Hermann Hering .	none	The company is one of the oldest Brazilian companies still in operation, founded in 1880 by the German brothers Bruno and Hermann Hering.	The company is one of the oldest Brazilian companies still in operation , founded in 1880 by the German brothers Jeffrey and Hermann Hering .
7045	none	Frederick died on 23 February 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne .	none	Frederick died on February 23, 1902 in Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne.	Logan died on 23 February 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne .
7049	none	George Jones took the song as " Somebody Here Paints the Wall " on his album " You Oughta Be Always with Me " of 1990 .	none	George Jones recorded the song as "Somebody Here Paints the Wall" on his 1990 album "You Oughta Be Always with Me".	Paul Jones took the song as " Somebody Here Paints the Wall " on his album " You Oughta Be Always with Me " of 1990 .
7051	none	The Sabres specialized in instrumental music and early rock artists like the aforementioned Dale Hawkins , The Ventures and Chuck Berry .	none	The Sabres have specialized in instrumental music and early rock artists such as Dale Hawkins, The Ventures and Chuck Berry.	The Sabres specialized in instrumental music and early rock artists like the aforementioned Dale Hawkins , The Ventures and Chuck Isaac .
7065	none	He died in Westminster in 1821 . He had married Elizabeth , daughter of Charles John , 1st Viscount Sackville . They had a son , George Germain .	none	He died in Westminster in 1821. He married Elizabeth, daughter of Charles John, 1st Viscount Sackville. They had one son, George Germain.	He died in Westminster in 1821 . He had married Elizabeth , daughter of Charles John , 1st Viscount Sackville . They had a son , Isaiah Germain .
7067	none	In 1281 Simon de Beaulieu was appointed Archbishop of Bourges by Pope Martin IV ( Simon de Brion ) .	none	In 1281 Simon de Beaulieu was appointed Archbishop of Bourges by Pope Martin IV ( Simon de Brion ).	In 1281 Simon de Beaulieu was appointed Archbishop of Bourges by Pope Angel IV ( Simon de Brion ) .
7083	none	The 1953 Labour Party deputy leadership election took place on 29 October 1953 , after incumbent deputy leader Aneurin Bevan , was challenged by Herbert Morrison .	none	The deputy leadership of the 1953 Labour Party took place on 29 October 1953, after the incumbent deputy leader, Aneurin Bevan, was questioned by Herbert Morrison.	The 1953 Labour Party deputy leadership election took place on 29 October 1953 , after incumbent deputy leader Aneurin Bevan , was challenged by Charles Morrison .
7084	none	Following his defeat in Wales , Henry Richard was elected as Liberal Member of the Merthyr Parliament in 1868 , districts in Cardiganshire .	none	After his defeat in Wales, Henry Richard became a liberal member of the Merthyr Parliament in 1868, districts in Cardiganshire.	Following his defeat in Wales , Ethan Richard was elected as Liberal Member of the Merthyr Parliament in 1868 , districts in Cardiganshire .
7085	none	This short film was created by PJ Liguori , Sophie Newton , Jamie Swarbrick , and Louis Grant .	none	This short film was produced by PJ Liguori, Sophie Newton, Jamie Swarbrick and Louis Grant.	This short film was created by PJ Liguori , Sophie Newton , Mary Swarbrick , and Louis Grant .
7090	none	Lawes had one child , Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston , born in 1957 .	none	Lawes had a child, Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston, born in 1957.	Lawes had one child , Nicole Zonee Barksdale Hurston , born in 1957 .
7091	none	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda ( Rafael Rosell ) and his friend , Danny ( Joross Gamboa ) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite .	none	They meet with Quinito Castañeda (Rafael Rosell) and his friend, Danny (Joross Gamboa), who sent them to a seaside resort in Cavite.	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda ( Hunter Rosell ) and his friend , Danny ( Joross Gamboa ) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite .
7094	none	It is directed by Kamala Lopez and produced by Cameron Crain , Richard Shelgren and Kamala Lopez .	none	The film was directed by Kamala Lopez, produced by Cameron Crain, Richard Shelgren and Kamala Lopez.	It is directed by Kamala Lopez and produced by Cameron Crain , Ethan Shelgren and Kamala Lopez .
7097	none	Louisa Catherine had an illegitimate daughter , Sarah , on 22 March 1839 .	none	Louisa Catherine had an illegitimate daughter, Sarah, on March 22, 1839.	Avery Catherine had an illegitimate daughter , Sarah , on 22 March 1839 .
7098	none	They have two sons and a daughter , Andy , Jake and Alex .	none	They have two sons and one daughter, Andy, Jake and Alex.	They have two sons and a daughter , Andy , Jackson and Alex .
7100	none	When the nobleman refused the marriage proposal , Reza Qoli Mirza killed him and ran off with his daughter into the mountains , where Nader was born .	none	When the nobleman rejected the marriage proposal, Reza killed Qoli Mirza and ran with his daughter to the mountains where Nader was born.	When the nobleman refused the marriage proposal , Reza Qoli Peter killed him and ran off with his daughter into the mountains , where Nader was born .
7111	none	Louise Bédard ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian dancer , choreographer and teacher , who has been active in the contemporary dance scene since 1983 .	none	Louise Bédard (born 1955) is a Canadian dancer, choreographer and teacher who has been working in the contemporary dance scene since 1983.	Jacqueline Bédard ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian dancer , choreographer and teacher , who has been active in the contemporary dance scene since 1983 .
7119	none	In July 2017 , President Masingill fired Donald Trump from his role .	none	In July 2017, President Masingill fired Donald Trump from his role.	In July 2017 , President Masingill fired Jayden Trump from his role .
7130	none	Darrell Fetty first married Carolyne McCoy , who is a descendant of the famous feud families ( her mother was a Hatfield , her father was a McCoy ) .	none	Darrell Fetty first married Carolyne McCoy, who is a descendant of the famous feudal families (their mother was a Hatfield, her father was a McCoy).	Darrell Fetty first married Lindsey McCoy , who is a descendant of the famous feud families ( her mother was a Hatfield , her father was a McCoy ) .
7131	none	In 1960 , the world 's first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov , and Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	none	In 1960, the world's first laser was developed by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	In 1960 , the world 's first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov , and Russian scientist Brandon H. Townes .
7139	none	After receiving a second Nobel Prize with her husband Pierre in 1903 , Marie Curie won a joint Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1911 .	none	After a second Nobel Prize with her husband Pierre in 1903, Marie Curie won a joint Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.	After receiving a second Nobel Prize with her husband Jackson in 1903 , Marie Curie won a joint Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1911 .
7149	none	Daryl Powell resigned after he was not paid and was replaced in April 1995 by player coach Phil Larder .	none	Daryl Powell resigned after he was not paid and was replaced in April 1995 by player coach Phil Larder.	Daryl Powell resigned after he was not paid and was replaced in April 1995 by player coach Gabriel Larder .
7152	none	Zina Garrison and Sherwood Stewart were the defending champions but lost in the second round to Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh .	none	Zina Garrison and Sherwood Stewart were the defending champions, but lost in the second round to Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh.	Zina Garrison and Sherwood Stewart were the defending champions but lost in the second round to Mary Novotná and Jim Pugh .
7156	none	Mercy Lewis , known formally as Mercy Allen , was the child of Philip Lewis and Mary ( Cass ) Lewis .	none	Mercy Lewis, officially known as Mercy Allen, was the child of Philip Lewis and Mary ( Cass ) Lewis.	Grace Lewis , known formally as Grace Allen , was the child of Philip Lewis and Mary ( Cass ) Lewis .
7166	none	The mentioned scientists Adam adores are : Pythagoras , Galileo Galilei , Nicolaus Copernicus , Isaac Newton , Nikola Tesla , Charles Darwin , and Albert Einstein	none	The scientists named Adam are: Pythagoras, Galileo Galilei, Nicolaus Copernicus, Isaac Newton, Nikola Tesla, Charles Darwin, and Albert Einstein	The mentioned scientists Adam adores are : Pythagoras , Galileo Galilei , Nicolaus Copernicus , Isaac Newton , Nikola Maria , Charles Darwin , and Albert Einstein
7175	none	The Father of Woodstock Larry McClurg teamed up with Artie Kornfeld to promote Goodstock Music Festival , reported Pollstar .	none	The father of Woodstock Larry McClurg together with Artie Kornfeld to promote Goodstock Music Festival, reported Pollstar.	The Father of Woodstock Jack McClurg teamed up with Artie Kornfeld to promote Goodstock Music Festival , reported Pollstar .
7176	none	Ratcliffe 's son married the scientist W. Grey Walter , and one of his two daughters was the neurophysiologist Nicholas Walter . Francis Ratcliffe was his grandson .	none	Ratcliffe's son married scientist W. Grey Walter, and one of his two daughters was neurophysiologist Nicholas Walter. Francis Ratcliffe was his grandson.	Ratcliffe 's son married the scientist W. Andrew Walter , and one of his two daughters was the neurophysiologist Nicholas Walter . Francis Ratcliffe was his grandson .
7182	none	Darren Burnett won against Simon Skelton in the last 9-4 , 9-5 .	none	Darren Burnett won against Simon Skelton in the last 9-4, 9-5.	Darren Burnett won against John Skelton in the last 9-4 , 9-5 .
7183	none	Daughter Mary W. ( " May " ) Baldwin ( 1871 -- 1961 ) married Duncan Bell Murdoch ( 1860 -- 1964 ) .	none	Daughter Mary W. ( "May " ) Baldwin (1871 - 1961 ) married Duncan Bell Murdoch (1860 - 1964 ).	Daughter Mary W. ( " May " ) Baldwin ( 1871 -- 1961 ) married Isaac Bell Murdoch ( 1860 -- 1964 ) .
7189	none	Amelia and Michael is a 2007 British drama short film directed by Richard Johns , starring Anthony Head and Natasha Powell and executive produced by Daniel Cormack .	none	Amelia and Michael is a 2007 British short film directed by Richard Johns, starring Anthony Head and Natasha Powell.	Amelia and Michael is a 2007 British drama short film directed by Juan Johns , starring Anthony Head and Natasha Powell and executive produced by Daniel Cormack .
7190	none	It is better expressed as a cultural liberal bias " , while former BBC director Roger Mosey classified it as " liberal defensive. "	none	It is better expressed as a cultural liberal bias ", while the former BBC director Roger Mosey called it "liberal defensive".	It is better expressed as a cultural liberal bias " , while former BBC director Joseph Mosey classified it as " liberal defensive. "
7205	none	Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane on November 24 , 2012 , who lives with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn in Livingston , Montana .	none	Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane on November 24, 2012, who lives with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn in Livingston, Montana.	Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane on November 24 , 2012 , who lives with her children Maisie and Austin Kirn in Livingston , Montana .
7207	none	On all tracks , except Teddy Gentry on " Clear Water Blues " and Jeff Cook on " This Love ' ; s on Me " , are lead lead vocals by Randy Owen .	none	On all tracks, except Teddy Gentry on " Clear Water Blues" and Jeff Cook on " This Love'; s on Me", are lead vocals by Randy Owen.	On all tracks , except Teddy Ryan on " Clear Water Blues " and Jeff Cook on " This Love ' ; s on Me " , are lead lead vocals by Randy Owen .
7213	none	He has translated into Punjabi the three tragedies of Girish Karnad , the play Nag Mandala of Federico García Lorca , and poems of Bertolt Brecht and Pablo Neruda .	none	In Punjabi he translated the three tragedies of Girish Karnad, the game Nag Mandala by Federico García Lorca, and poems by Bertolt Brecht and Pablo Neruda.	He has translated into Punjabi the three tragedies of Girish Karnad , the play Nag Mandala of Federico García Lorca , and poems of Bertolt Brecht and William Neruda .
7266	none	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , Mexico , D.F . ) is a Mexican actress .	none	==Early life and education==Mexico was born in Mexico City, Mexico.	Monica Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , Mexico , D.F . ) is a Mexican actress .
7271	none	She married twice . The first time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski on 21 January 1751 .	none	She married twice. The first time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski in 1749, and the second time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski on 21 January 1751.	She married twice . The first time with Prince Patrick Lubomirski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski on 21 January 1751 .
7278	none	The idea was supported by Jonas Basanavičius , Jonas Šliūpas and others and further crystallized .	none	The idea was supported and further crystallized by Jonas Basanavičius, Jonas Šliūpas and others.	The idea was supported by Liam Basanavičius , Liam Šliūpas and others and further crystallized .
7281	none	The movie was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin .	none	The film was directed by Robert Day, produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin.	The movie was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub and Timothy Hayutin .
7287	none	Howes married three times in his life : in 1923 with Lillian Pechin , with Catherine Tabor in 1932 and in 1937 with Mary Donovan Howard .	none	Howes married Lillian Pechin in 1923, Catherine Tabor in 1932, and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937.	Howes married three times in his life : in 1923 with Lillian Pechin , with Catherine Tabor in 1932 and in 1937 with Mary Donovan Ian .
7311	none	She tries to resume her relationship with Michael just to discover that he has married Tracey Bregman ( Lauren Fenmore ) .	none	She tries to rediscover her relationship with Michael that he married Tracey Bregman ( Lauren Fenmore).	She tries to resume her relationship with Michael just to discover that he has married Nicole Bregman ( Lauren Fenmore ) .
7318	none	Grand Inquisitor ( 1699 - 1774 ) was a Spanish cleric who was Manuel Quintano Bonifaz from Spain from 1755 to 1774 .	none	Grand Inquisitor () was a Spanish clergyman who was Manuel Quintano Bonifaz from Spain from 1755 to 1774.	Grand Inquisitor ( 1699 - 1774 ) was a Spanish cleric who was Isaiah Quintano Bonifaz from Spain from 1755 to 1774 .
7328	none	These canons were later approved by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692 but rejected by Pope Constantine .	none	These cannons were later approved by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692, but rejected by Pope Constantine.	These canons were later approved by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692 but rejected by Pope Luis .
7330	none	Nick Folland has appeared most for the county , playing in eighteen games , followed closely by Andrew Pugh , who made sixteen appearances .	none	Nick Folland has appeared most for the county, playing in eighteen games, closely followed by Andrew Pugh who made sixteen appearances.	Nick Folland has appeared most for the county , playing in eighteen games , followed closely by Bradley Pugh , who made sixteen appearances .
7333	none	Yvonne died in 1988 , and Pat died in 2007 .	none	Yvonne died in 1988 and Pat died in 2007.	Yvonne died in 1988 , and Travis died in 2007 .
7345	none	Miguel Ángel Virasoro ( born 1940 in Italy ) is an Argentinean physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina .	none	Miguel Ángel Virasoro (born 1940) is an Argentine physicist.	William Ángel Virasoro ( born 1940 in Italy ) is an Argentinean physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina .
7360	none	The arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Whitney Houston , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Tina Turner , among others .	none	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists, including Whitney Houston, André Rieu, TOTO, Trance Energy and Tina Turner, among others.	The arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Samantha Houston , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Tina Turner , among others .
7364	none	Previous editors include Michel Foucault , Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , Georges Dumézil , François Jacob , Jacques Le Goff , François Furet and Raymond Aron .	none	Former editors include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Le Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.	Previous editors include Tyler Foucault , Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , Georges Dumézil , François Jacob , Jacques Le Goff , François Furet and Raymond Aron .
7378	none	He reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Jimmy White and 8 -- 9 against Steve Davis .	none	He reached the finals of the tournament in 1991 and 1992, but lost 4 - 10 to Jimmy White and 8 - 9 to Steve Davis.	He reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Jimmy White and 8 -- 9 against Steve Eric .
7381	none	The professional Guinness record was shot by official Christopher Smith at the Chicago Speedgolf Classic at Jackson Park Golf Course on October 16 , 2005 .	none	The professional Guinness record was shot on 16 October 2005 by the official Christopher Smith at the Chicago Speedgolf Classic at Jackson Park Golf Course.	The professional Guinness record was shot by official Christopher Evan at the Chicago Speedgolf Classic at Jackson Park Golf Course on October 16 , 2005 .
7383	none	Bishop Bennett made Father Thomas Heilman the students ' vicar .	none	Bishop Bennett made Father Thomas Heilman the vicar of the students.	Bishop Bennett made Father Cody Heilman the students ' vicar .
7413	none	Victoria S. Bull ( " Victor " ) was introduced in 2001 as Vicki 's sister , but has been unseen for many years .	none	Victoria S. Bull ( " Victor " ) was introduced in 2001 as Vicki's sister, but has been invisible for many years.	Leslie S. Bull ( " Victor " ) was introduced in 2001 as Vicki 's sister , but has been unseen for many years .
7418	none	Con and Bonar Colleano had no children , Con was the uncle of American actor Jack Stehlin and the American - uncle of the great actor Winnie .	none	Con and Bonar Colleano had no children, Con was the uncle of the American actor Jack Stehlin and the American uncle of the great actor Winnie.	Con and Bonar Colleano had no children , Con was the uncle of American actor Dylan Stehlin and the American - uncle of the great actor Winnie .
7419	none	He was the father of historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Andrew March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .	none	He was the father of the historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Andrew March, who was Chief of Staff of the United States Army during World War I.	He was the father of historian Hailey C. March and General Francis Andrew March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .
7425	none	The series was penciled by Jim Starlin and written by Ron Lim , Ian Laughlin , Al Milgrom , Jack Morelli and Christie Scheele .	none	The series was written by Jim Starlin and written by Ron Lim, Ian Laughlin, Al Milgrom, Jack Morelli and Christie Scheele.	The series was penciled by Jacob Starlin and written by Ron Lim , Ian Laughlin , Al Milgrom , Jack Morelli and Christie Scheele .
7426	none	Kabir Suman adopted a number of albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999 .	none	Kabir Suman recorded a number of albums under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.	Zachary Suman adopted a number of albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999 .
7427	none	Jane manages to survive and Michael finally loses her virginity .	none	Jane manages to survive and Michael finally loses her virginity.	Kaitlyn manages to survive and Michael finally loses her virginity .
7435	none	Mir Jafar , Commander of Alivardi , freed Syed Ahmed and his family .	none	Me Jafar, commander of Alivardi, liberated Syed Ahmed and his family.	Mir Jafar , Commander of Alivardi , freed Syed Cody and his family .
7436	none	On 26 March 2012 , it was first successfully concluded by a 12-year-old American , Tom Schaar .	none	On March 26, 2012, it was successfully completed for the first time by a 12-year-old American, Tom Schaar.	On 26 March 2012 , it was first successfully concluded by a 12-year-old American , Steven Schaar .
7438	none	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 also Sheriff of London .	none	Sir Martin (or Roger Martyn) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567, and in 1559 also Sheriff of London.	Sir Bradley ( or Roger Martyn ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 also Sheriff of London .
7445	none	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children , including Christine , who also wrote children 's pony books .	none	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Christine, who also wrote children's pony books.	Amanda Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children , including Christine , who also wrote children 's pony books .
7446	none	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin 's first air force pilot , also the first man in space .	none	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin's first Luftwaffe pilot, also the first man in space.	The Soviet cosmonaut was Catherine Gagarin 's first air force pilot , also the first man in space .
7453	none	Andre Agassi defeated Jimmy Arias 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2	none	Andre Agassi defeated Jimmy Arias 6 -- 2, 6 -- 2	Jack Agassi defeated Jimmy Arias 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2
7465	none	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering from Harvard University .	none	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University.	Gordon Mark is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering from Harvard University .
7468	none	He was trained in Dresden , later until 1865 in Leipzig , and after a short stay in Weimar went to New York with Franz Liszt in 1869 .	none	He was educated in Dresden, later until 1865 in Leipzig, and after a short stay in Weimar went to New York with Franz Liszt in 1869.	He was trained in Dresden , later until 1865 in Leipzig , and after a short stay in Weimar went to New York with Samuel Liszt in 1869 .
7472	none	Among women , the favourites were Sara Takanashi ( USA ) , Sarah Hendrickson ( Japan ) , Coline Mattel ( France ) and Evelyn Insam ( Italy ) .	none	Among the women were Sara Takanashi (USA), Sarah Hendrickson (Japan), Coline Mattel (France) and Evelyn Insam (Italy).	Among women , the favourites were Sara Takanashi ( USA ) , Sarah Hendrickson ( Japan ) , Coline Mattel ( France ) and Heather Insam ( Italy ) .
7477	none	Frank Malina died in Paris in 1981 , near Boulogne Billancourt , France .	none	He died in Paris in 1981 with Boulogne Billancourt, France.	Frank Cynthia died in Paris in 1981 , near Boulogne Billancourt , France .
7481	none	Count Johann II was executed or banned for two years , Rapperswil and its castle were destroyed by the Zurich troops and arrested of Brun 's opponents .	none	Count John II was executed or banned for two years, Rapperswil and his castle were destroyed by the Zurich troops and arrested by Brun's opponents.	Count Jacob II was executed or banned for two years , Rapperswil and its castle were destroyed by the Zurich troops and arrested of Brun 's opponents .
7496	none	The reservoirs that form the chain are , from northwest to southeast : Little Swinburne Reservoir → Hallington Reservoirs → Catcleugh Reservoir → Colt Crag Reservoir → Whittle Dene .	none	The reservoirs that form the chain are, from northwest to southeast: Little Swinburne Reservoir → Hallington Reservoirs → Catcleugh Reservoir → Colt Crag Reservoir → Whittle Dene.	The reservoirs that form the chain are , from northwest to southeast : Little Swinburne Reservoir → Hallington Reservoirs → Catcleugh Reservoir → Joseph Crag Reservoir → Whittle Dene .
7502	none	The pottery is currently run by Thomas Arthur Jenkins , son of Alun Jenkins .	none	The ceramics are currently by Thomas Arthur Jenkins, son of Alun Jenkins.	The pottery is currently run by Ian Arthur Jenkins , son of Alun Jenkins .
7504	none	He devoted the work to his friend , the violinist Fritz Kreisler , and wrote to another friend , the composer Nikolai Medtner , on December 21 , 1931 :	none	He dedicated the work to his friend, the violinist Fritz Kreisler, and wrote to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner, on 21 December 1931:	He devoted the work to his friend , the violinist Fritz Kreisler , and wrote to another friend , the composer Noah Medtner , on December 21 , 1931 :
7510	none	The journey begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Kolhapur , Sindhudurg and back .	none	The journey starts from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg and back.	The journey begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik , Ajanta Amy Caves , Kolhapur , Sindhudurg and back .
7514	none	While there , Matisic met Anna Wallner and created " The Shopping Bags " concept .	none	While there, Matisic met Anna Wallner and created "The shopping bags" concept.	While there , Matisic met Emily Wallner and created " The Shopping Bags " concept .
7517	none	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg .	none	Hastings Ndlovu was interred with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Dylan Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg .
7518	none	The change was still in the air in 1969 and T. and R. Smith was taken over by J. N. Nichols ( Vimto ) from Manchester .	none	The change was still in the air in 1969 and T. and R. Smith was taken over by J. N. Nichols (Vimto) from Manchester.	The change was still in the air in 1969 and T. and R. Smith was taken over by J. N. Noah ( Vimto ) from Manchester .
7525	none	Carlos Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded the Argentine Nation to the Valour in Combat Medal and the battalion itself was decorated by the Argentine Congress in 2002	none	Carlos Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded to the Argentine nation to the bravery medal and the battalion itself was awarded by the Argentine Congress in 2002.	James Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded the Argentine Nation to the Valour in Combat Medal and the battalion itself was decorated by the Argentine Congress in 2002
7555	none	The main - songwriting - unit for the band formed Jon Jon Jovi and lead singer Sambora .	none	The main songwriting unit for the band was Jon Jovi and singer Sambara.	The main - songwriting - unit for the band formed James James Jovi and lead singer Sambora .
7557	none	In 1963 , Janet Lloyd married Ayliffe and had two children .	none	==Personal life==Ayliffe was married in 1963 and had two children.	In 1963 , Janet Jesse married Ayliffe and had two children .
7558	none	The six episodes were written by Gareth Carrivick ( " Gim me Gim me Gim me " ) and directed by Jonathan Harvey .	none	The six episodes were written by Gareth Carrivick ("Gim me Gim me Gim me") and directed by Jonathan Harvey.	The six episodes were written by Gareth Carrivick ( " Gim me Gim me Gim me " ) and directed by Robert Harvey .
7562	none	On 29 September 1849 , Queen Victoria traveled from Gloucester to Swindon by train ,	none	On September 29, 1849, Queen Victoria travelled by train from Gloucester to Swindon,	On 29 September 1849 , Samantha Victoria traveled from Gloucester to Swindon by train ,
7566	none	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Colonel Lieutenant Ray died on New Year 's Eve 1989 .	none	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Lieutenant Colonel Ray died on New Year's Eve in 1989.	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Colonel Lieutenant Joseph died on New Year 's Eve 1989 .
7577	none	Joffre Stewart ( born 1925 ) is an American poet , poet , anarchist , and pacifist known for his early participation in the Beat movement .	none	Joffre Stewart (born 1925) is an American poet, poet, anarchist and pacifist known for his early participation in the Beat movement.	Joffre Mark ( born 1925 ) is an American poet , poet , anarchist , and pacifist known for his early participation in the Beat movement .
7585	none	For this match Dusty Rhodes in Valiant 's corner was tied by a rope to Paul Jones .	none	For this game Dusty Rhodes in Valiant's corner was tied by a rope to Paul Jones.	For this match Dusty Rhodes in Valiant 's corner was tied by a rope to Adam Jones .
7596	none	In 1854 , Cooper left London and returned to Australia where he lived , a confirmed bachelor , until his death at the age of ninety .	none	In 1854, Cooper left London and returned to Australia where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854 , Jesse left London and returned to Australia where he lived , a confirmed bachelor , until his death at the age of ninety .
7607	none	Sir James married John Nairne Forman in 1872 ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa , WS .	none	Sir James married John Nairne Forman in 1872 (20 December 1929), daughter of Helen Margaret of Staffa, WS.	Sir James married John Nairne Forman in 1872 ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Grace von Staffa , WS .
7615	none	Written by George Mastras and directed by Michelle MacLaren , aired on AMC in the United States and Canada on 8 September 2013 .	none	Written by George Mastras and director Michelle MacLaren, aired on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8, 2013.	Written by George Mastras and directed by Katie MacLaren , aired on AMC in the United States and Canada on 8 September 2013 .
7626	none	It was built by architect Henry L. Taylor and designed by O. R. Woodcock .	none	It was built by architect Henry L. Taylor and designed by O. R. Woodcock.	It was built by architect Henry L. Julia and designed by O. R. Woodcock .
7656	none	Bilal Ali Hussein Qwaider ( born May 7 , 1993 ) is a Jordanian football player who plays for Al-Faisaly .	none	Al-Faisaly (born May 22, 1993) is a Jordanian footballer who plays for Al-Faisaly.	Bilal Sean Hussein Qwaider ( born May 7 , 1993 ) is a Jordanian football player who plays for Al-Faisaly .
7661	none	Fort Paull is the location of the last complete Blackburn Beverley heavy transport aircraft .	none	Fort Paull is the location of the last complete Blackburn Beverley heavy-lift aircraft.	Fort Paull is the location of the last complete Blackburn Patricia heavy transport aircraft .
7662	none	Born and raised in Dore , Joe Joe Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now Captain of England .	none	Born and raised in Dore, Joe Joe Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England's aspiring cricket star, now captain of England.	Born and raised in Dore , Jason Jason Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now Captain of England .
7665	none	Born in 1935 in Mansfield , Nottinghamshire , Curry died at the age of 54 in Longbenton , Northumberland in 1990 .	none	Born in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire in 1935, Curry died at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland in 1990.	Born in 1935 in Mansfield , Nottinghamshire , Juan died at the age of 54 in Longbenton , Northumberland in 1990 .
7666	none	Other actors include Avtar Gill , Bindu , Tinnu Anand , Mohan Joshi , Ranjeev Verma , Shakti Kapoor , Ashok Saraf , Mukesh Khanna , Anang Desai .	none	Other actors include Avtar Gill, Bindu, Tinnu Anand, Mohan Joshi, Ranjeev Verma, Shakti Kapoor, Ashok Saraf, Mukesh Khanna, Anang Desai.	Other actors include Avtar Gill , Bindu , Tinnu David , Mohan Joshi , Ranjeev Verma , Shakti Kapoor , Ashok Saraf , Mukesh Khanna , Anang Desai .
7674	none	In the TV series , Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams .	none	In the TV series Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams.	In the TV series , Olaf Petersen is played by Elijah Williams .
7676	none	This is the last conversation between Roger Howarth and Blair until 2011 .	none	This is the last conversation between Roger Howarth and Blair until 2011.	This is the last conversation between Roger Howarth and Tiffany until 2011 .
7685	none	Stephen D Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .	none	Stephen D Reicher (Steve Reicher) is a professor of social psychology and former head of the psychology school at the University of St. Andrews.	Thomas D Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .
7686	none	In Paris , in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .	none	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, who asked him for a passport back to England through Scotland.	In Paris , in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Jason Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .
7691	none	In 1871 John Peter Featherston married Bessie Parnell , daughter of John Parnell , of County Wicklow , Ireland .	none	In 1871, he married Bessie Parnell, daughter of John Parnell, County Wicklow, Ireland.	In 1871 Stephen Peter Featherston married Bessie Parnell , daughter of Stephen Parnell , of County Wicklow , Ireland .
7692	none	Nathan Bryon was poured in the role of Joey Ellis , who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke 's established character from his hometown .	none	Nathan Bryon was cast in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke's established character from his hometown.	Nathan Juan was poured in the role of Joey Ellis , who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke 's established character from his hometown .
7696	none	However , John Rabe and the international committee manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognised by the Japanese authorities .	none	However, John Rabe and the international committee manage to have the Nanking security zone recognized by the Japanese authorities.	However , Liam Rabe and the international committee manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognised by the Japanese authorities .
7697	none	In 1991 , Peter Maxwell Davies was the music director of the Ojai Music Festival in collaboration with Harbison .	none	In 1991, Peter Maxwell Davies was the music director of the Ojai Music Festival in collaboration with Harbison.	In 1991 , Peter Nathaniel Davies was the music director of the Ojai Music Festival in collaboration with Harbison .
7703	none	Roosevelt and Wilson Elementary schools were combined in the 1970s to Roosevelt - Wilson Elementary , as the city 's growth began to stabilize .	none	Roosevelt and Wilson Elementary School were combined in the 1970s to form Roosevelt - Wilson Elementary School when the city began to stabilize growth.	Roosevelt and Stephen Elementary schools were combined in the 1970s to Roosevelt - Stephen Elementary , as the city 's growth began to stabilize .
7706	none	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Hathras is St Francis inter college , Aligarh road .	none	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Hathras is St Francis Inter College, Aligarh Street.	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Hathras is St Charles inter college , Aligarh road .
7720	none	Chris Mortimer , his older brother Peter Mortimer and younger brother Steve Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together .	none	Chris Mortimer, his older brother Peter Mortimer and his younger brother Steve Mortimer played together in four Grand Finals.	Chris Mortimer , his older brother Peter Mortimer and younger brother James Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together .
7737	none	Professor Gilbert was survived by his wife Ingrid , whom he married in 1967 , and his daughters Michelle and Fiona .	none	Professor Gilbert was survived by his wife Ingrid, whom he married in 1967, and his daughters Michelle and Fiona.	Professor Gilbert was survived by his wife Ingrid , whom he married in 1967 , and his daughters Jasmine and Fiona .
7768	none	Air Cortez has also operated international flights from the airport with service to Guaymas , Loreto and Mulege in Mexico .	none	Air Cortez has also operated international flights from the airport to Guaymas, Loreto and Mulege in Mexico.	Air Dylan has also operated international flights from the airport with service to Guaymas , Loreto and Mulege in Mexico .
7776	none	The awards were distributed by actor Jayasurya , producer turned actor Vijay Babu etc .	none	The prizes were distributed by actor Jayasurya, producer shot actor Vijay Babu etc.	The awards were distributed by actor Jayasurya , producer turned actor David Babu etc .
7786	none	Tommy is the brother of Carlow footballer Patrick Walsh .	none	Tommy is the brother of the Carlow footballer Patrick Walsh.	Tommy is the brother of Carlow footballer Jacob Walsh .
7797	none	This is the first champion story told by Albert Campion in the single person .	none	This is the first Champion story told by Albert Campion in the individual.	This is the first champion story told by James Campion in the single person .
7805	none	Margarita Isabel Morales y González ( born Margarita Isabel ; 25 July 1941 -- 9 April 2017 ) was a Mexican Ariel Award-winning film , and television actress .	none	Margarita Isabel Morales y González (b.	Margarita Angela Morales y González ( born Margarita Angela ; 25 July 1941 -- 9 April 2017 ) was a Mexican Ariel Award-winning film , and television actress .
7809	none	In a 1946 discussion of unappreciated literature , Edward Wagenknecht referred to " Hope Mirrlees " fantastic .	none	In a 1946 discussion on outrageous literature, Edward Wagenknecht referred to " Hope Mirrlee's " fantastic.	In a 1946 discussion of unappreciated literature , Jacob Wagenknecht referred to " Hope Mirrlees " fantastic .
7812	none	Mr Wonderful is an album by Jazz - organist Johnny " Hammond " Smith , which was released in 1963 and recorded on the label Riverside .	none	Mr Wonderful is an album by jazz organist Johnny Hammond Smith, released in 1963 and recorded on the label Riverside.	Mr Wonderful is an album by Jazz - organist Jeffrey " Hammond " Smith , which was released in 1963 and recorded on the label Riverside .
7817	none	Jack Adams ( 1895 -- 1968 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and long-time coach and manager of the Detroit Red Wings .	none	Jack Adams (born 1895) was a Canadian ice hockey player and longtime coach of the Detroit Red Wings.	Jack Jacob ( 1895 -- 1968 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and long-time coach and manager of the Detroit Red Wings .
7828	none	In 1986 , Bridie Morton married Timothy Torlot .	none	In 1986, Bridie married Timothy Torlot.	In 1986 , Bridie Morton married Cody Torlot .
7837	none	On November 30 , 2008 , John married musician Megan Mullins The couple divorced in 2015 .	none	On November 30th, 2008, John married the musician Megan Mullins The couple divorced in 2015.	On November 30 , 2008 , John married musician Heather Mullins The couple divorced in 2015 .
7843	none	Born in Monterrey , Mora played professionally for Universidad de Guadalajara , Cruz Azul and Guadalajara .	none	Born in Monterrey, Mora played professionally for the Universidad de Guadalajara, Cruz Azul and Guadalajara.	Born in Monterrey , Mora played professionally for Universidad Christian Guadalajara , Cruz Azul and Guadalajara .
7844	none	Margaret Turner ( Shirley Temple ) and Susan Turner ( Myrna Loy ) are sisters who live together .	none	Margaret Turner ( Shirley Temple) and Susan Turner ( Myrna Loy) are sisters who live together.	Margaret Jesse ( Shirley Temple ) and Susan Jesse ( Myrna Loy ) are sisters who live together .
7859	none	Sarah told Peyton that he had rocked and Peyton was seen later at his concert with Eddie .	none	Sarah told Peyton that he had rocked and Peyton was later seen at his concert with Eddie.	Sarah told Peyton that he had rocked and Peyton was seen later at his concert with Nathan .
7866	none	Founded by Gianni Ratto in 1959 , it has presented actors such as Fernanda Montenegro , Sérgio Britto , Italo Rossi , Tommy Wiseau and Fernando Torres .	none	Founded by Gianni Ratto in 1959, it has featured actors such as Fernanda Montenegro, Sérgio Britto, Italo Rossi, Tommy Wiseau and Fernando Torres.	Founded by Gianni Ratto in 1959 , it has presented actors such as Fernanda Montenegro , Sérgio Britto , Italo Rossi , Tommy Wiseau and Gabriel Torres .
7869	none	Tame Parata ( 1837 - March 6 , 1917 ) , also known as Thomas Pratt , was Māori and a member of the Liberal Party in New Zealand .	none	Māori was a member of the Liberal Party in New Zealand.	Tame Parata ( 1837 - March 6 , 1917 ) , also known as Isaac Pratt , was Māori and a member of the Liberal Party in New Zealand .
7873	none	The species was first formally described by English botanist James Edward Smith in " Annals of Botany " in 1805 . The type was collected in Port Jackson .	none	The species was first described in 1805 by British botanist James Edward Smith in "Annals of Botany" and was collected in Port Jackson.	The species was first formally described by English botanist Austin Edward Smith in " Annals of Botany " in 1805 . The type was collected in Port Jackson .
7879	none	The mountain was named after the geologist Charles Lyell , a follower of Charles Darwin , in 1863 , by Charles Gould .	none	The mountain was named after the geologist Charles Lyell, a follower of Charles Darwin, in 1863, by Charles Gould.	The mountain was named after the geologist Patrick Lyell , a follower of Patrick Darwin , in 1863 , by Patrick Gould .
7889	none	The leader of the geological party was his old mentor Mike Morton .	none	The leader of the geological party was his old mentor Mike Morton.	The leader of the geological party was his old mentor Mason Morton .
7894	none	Katrina Alegre ( Eula Valdez ) is the best friend of Alma Bautista ( Jean Garcia ) .	none	Katrina Alegre (Eula Valdez) is the best friend of Alma Bautista ( Jean Garcia).	Jennifer Alegre ( Eula Valdez ) is the best friend of Alma Bautista ( Jean Garcia ) .
7910	none	This revival is directed by Marcia Kash , with choreography by Marc Kimelman and music direction by Steve Thomas .	none	This revival is led by Marcia Kash, with choreography by Marc Kimelman and music director Steve Thomas.	This revival is directed by Marcia Kash , with choreography by Jacob Kimelman and music direction by Steve Thomas .
7918	none	The astors settled in Germany , appearing for the first time in the 18th century in North America with John Jacob Astor , one of the richest people in history .	none	The Astors settled in Germany, appearing for the first time in the 18th century in North America with John Jacob Astor, one of the richest people in history.	The astors settled in Germany , appearing for the first time in the 18th century in North America with Bradley Jacob Astor , one of the richest people in history .
7920	none	He is married to Gordana , with whom he has a son , Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter , Dejan ( born 1996 ) .	none	He is married to Gordana, with whom he has a son, Daniella (born 1990) and daughter, Dejan (born 1996).	He is married to Gordana , with whom he has a son , Crystal ( born 1990 ) and daughter , Dejan ( born 1996 ) .
7933	none	Nora Sayre called the film " thoughtful and moving " in the " New York Times " , but others were less admiring .	none	Nora Sayre called the film "thinking and moving" in the "New York Times", but others were less admiring.	Catherine Sayre called the film " thoughtful and moving " in the " New York Times " , but others were less admiring .
7939	none	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy when after reading a book by Mimi Sodré named Scouting for Boys , he became interested in Scouting .	none	After reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys, he became interested in scouting.	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy when after reading a book by Rebecca Sodré named Scouting for Boys , he became interested in Scouting .
7949	none	Jürgen Zopp won the title after defeating Tommy Robredo in the finals with 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 2 .	none	Jürgen Zopp won the title after defeating Tommy Robredo in the final with 6 - 3, 6 - 2.	Jürgen Zopp won the title after defeating Samuel Robredo in the finals with 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 2 .
7955	none	Is a short book by Karla Kuskin , first published in 1962 , with illustrations by Virginia Cary Hudson .	none	Is a short book by Karla Kuskin, first published in 1962, with illustrations by Virginia Cary Hudson.	Is a short book by Karla Kuskin , first published in 1962 , with illustrations by Virginia Gregory Hudson .
7961	none	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré .	none	He is the first son of Argentine coach Oscar Garré, brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré.	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Sean Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré .
7965	none	The minister of climate and energy was Lykke Friis until November 2009 , when she was replaced with Connie Hedegaard .	none	The Minister of Climate and Energy was Lykke Friis until November 2009 when she was replaced by Connie Hedegaard.	The minister of climate and energy was Lykke Friis until November 2009 , when she was replaced with Jasmine Hedegaard .
7983	none	Thomas Fothergill D.D . was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .	none	Thomas Fothergill D.D. was an English university administrator at Oxford University.	James Fothergill D.D . was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .
7995	none	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 , against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb .	none	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won 6 - 7, 6 - 4, 7 - 6, Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb in the final.	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 , against Charles Donnelly and Jim Grabb .
8008	none	Tony and Len Goodman appear along with Mary Murphy in an infomercial for the Core Rhythms workout system .	none	Tony and Len Goodman appear together with Mary Murphy in an infomercial for the Core Rhythms workout system.	Tony and Len Goodman appear along with Mary Jacob in an infomercial for the Core Rhythms workout system .
8010	none	In October 1560 , he secretly met with the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , in Paris , and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .	none	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, in Paris, and asked him to return a passport to England through Scotland.	In October 1560 , he secretly met with the English ambassador , Christian Throckmorton , in Paris , and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .
8016	none	Thomas Fothergill was an academic English administrator at the University of Oxford .	none	Thomas Fothergill was an English university administrator at Oxford University.	Christian Fothergill was an academic English administrator at the University of Oxford .
8019	none	Archbishop Robert von Esztergom therefore set the kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .	none	Archbishop Robert of Esztergom therefore placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king.	Archbishop Robert Nicholas Esztergom therefore set the kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .
8022	none	The music was composed by Tim Rice with lyrics written by Sir Cliff Richard and Frank Dunlop . The book is by John Farrar .	none	The music was composed by Tim Rice with lyrics by Sir Cliff Richard and Frank Dunlop. The book is by John Farrar.	The music was composed by Tim Rice with lyrics written by Sir Cliff Richard and Daniel Dunlop . The book is by John Farrar .
8029	none	Chuck Robb was ran as incumbent for a third term , but lost to Republican George Allen .	none	==Political career==Luck Robb was elected to the Senate for a third term, but lost to Republican George Allen.	Chuck Robb was ran as incumbent for a third term , but lost to Republican George Ethan .
8035	none	Karen and Kristoffer together have eight children .	none	Karen and Kristoffer have eight children together.	Karen and Aaron together have eight children .
8037	none	Trio is a collaboration album by three American performers , Dolly Parton , Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris .	none	Trio is a collaboration album by three American performers, Dolly Parton, Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris.	Trio is a collaboration album by three American performers , Dolly Parton , Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Brian .
8038	none	After her father 's death , Allie sails alone from Australia to England .	none	After her father's death, Allie sails alone from Australia to England.	After her father 's death , Allison sails alone from Australia to England .
8052	none	John Corabi replaced after the scream Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe .	none	John Corabi replaced Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe after the scream.	Brandon Corabi replaced after the scream Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe .
8054	none	In 2008 , the Vatican began an " renewable island " for ecological waste and has continued the initiative throughout the papacy of Francis .	none	In 2008, the Vatican began a "renewable island" for ecological waste and continued the initiative throughout the papacy of Francis.	In 2008 , the Vatican began an " renewable island " for ecological waste and has continued the initiative throughout the papacy of Brian .
8060	none	The case was played in the BBC - Drama " In Denial of Murder " , in which Wendy Sewell Stephen Downing and Caroline Catz played Jason Watkins .	none	The case was played in the BBC drama "In Denial of Murder", in which Wendy Sewell Stephen Downing and Caroline Catz Jason Watkins played.	The case was played in the BBC - Drama " In Denial of Murder " , in which Wendy Sewell Caleb Downing and Caroline Catz played Jason Watkins .
8061	none	The original edition was published in New York in 1953 by Allen Unwin and in London by Harper .	none	The original edition was published in 1953 in New York by Allen Unwin and in London by Harper.	The original edition was published in New York in 1953 by Jacob Unwin and in London by Harper .
8066	none	Cold Steve Austin appeared and hit Triple H , Patterson , Brisco , Shane and Vince with a chair .	none	Cold Steve Austin appeared and met Triple H, Patterson, Brisco, Shane and Vince with a chair.	Cold Steve Austin appeared and hit Triple H , Patterson , Brisco , Shane and Brandon with a chair .
8068	none	Suman Chatterjee , recorded a number of albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman .	none	Suman Chatterjee recorded a number of albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman.	Suman Chatterjee , recorded a number of albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Brian Suman .
8075	none	Samantha Stosur ( Australia ) and Andy Murray ( Scotland ) were also absent .	none	Samantha Stosur (Australia) and Andy Murray (Scotland) were also absent.	Samantha Stosur ( Australia ) and Jeremy Murray ( Scotland ) were also absent .
8077	none	His troops were , however , sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion , and he led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king , Stefan Decanski .	none	However, his troops were sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Serbian delegation negotiating with the Bulgarian king, Stefan Decanski.	His troops were , however , sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion , and he led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king , Jackson Decanski .
8078	none	Jones held the electorate until 1946 , when it was abolished , and successfully stood in St Kilda this year .	none	Jones held the electorate until 1946 when it was abolished, and successfully stood at St Kilda this year.	Scott held the electorate until 1946 , when it was abolished , and successfully stood in St Kilda this year .
8082	none	Danny Olsen ( born June 11 , 1985 ) is a Danish football professional . He is the twin brother of Kenni Olsen , the current assistant to Herlev IF .	none	He is the twin brother of Kenni Olsen, the current assistant to Herlev IF.	Eric Olsen ( born June 11 , 1985 ) is a Danish football professional . He is the twin brother of Kenni Olsen , the current assistant to Herlev IF .
8088	none	Jon Bon Jovi and lead singer Sambora formed the main songwriting unit for the band .	none	Jon Bon Jovi and singer Sambra formed the main songwriting unit for the band.	Jon Bon Allison and lead singer Sambora formed the main songwriting unit for the band .
8093	none	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S . Senators Claire McCaskill ( Democrat ) and Roy Blunt ( Republican ) .	none	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators Claire McCaskill (Democracy) and Roy Blunt (Republican).	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S . Senators Claire McCaskill ( Democrat ) and Anthony Blunt ( Republican ) .
8104	none	Germar Rudolf , also known as Germar Scheerer , was born on October 29 , 1964 , is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier .	none	Germar Rudolf, also known as Germar Scheerer, was born on October 29, 1964, is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier.	Germar Zachary , also known as Germar Scheerer , was born on October 29 , 1964 , is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier .
8106	none	Linda Lou was seen as Cody in the Actors Fund of America benefit concert of " The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas " on October 6 , 2006 .	none	Linda Lou was seen as Cody in the Actors Fund of America benefit concert of "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas" on October 6, 2006.	Linda Lou was seen as Aaron in the Actors Fund of America benefit concert of " The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas " on October 6 , 2006 .
8109	none	He married Sayyid from a well-known family Sayyida Asma Muthu Beevi of Ponnani Vettom Pokkiriyakam .	none	He married Sayyid of a well-known family Sayyida Asma Muthu Beevi of Ponnani Vettom Pokkiriyakam.	He married Sayyid from a well-known family Sayyida Isabella Muthu Beevi of Ponnani Vettom Pokkiriyakam .
8111	none	In 2014 , founding member of 15 years Dan McGruer left the band and was replaced by Devin Abrams .	none	In 2014, founding member of 15 years Dan McGruer left the band and was replaced by Devin Abrams.	In 2014 , founding member of 15 years Gabriel McGruer left the band and was replaced by Devin Abrams .
8112	none	In 1881 , he married Agnes Theodora Walther , daughter of Vagn Petersson , and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther .	none	In 1881, he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	In 1881 , he married Agnes Katherine Walther , daughter of Vagn Petersson , and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther .
8113	none	Son of Dolobran , Gwenhafar , who married Evan Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .	none	Son of Dolobran, Gwenhafar, married Evan Lloyd lolyd, daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod.	Son of Dolobran , Gwenhafar , who married Dustin Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .
8115	none	Jani Toivola was the host of the " Big Brother Talk Show " and Vappu Pimiä hosted " Big Brother Extra " .	none	Jani Toivola hosted the Big Brother Talk Show and Vappu Pimiä hosted Big Brother Extra.	Chelsea Toivola was the host of the " Big Brother Talk Show " and Vappu Pimiä hosted " Big Brother Extra " .
8119	none	Immanuel Dornfeld was a spiritual father and main initiator of this wine school .	none	Immanuel Dornfeld was a spiritual father and principal initiator of this wine school.	Chad Dornfeld was a spiritual father and main initiator of this wine school .
8122	none	Babette Venderbos , also a native of the Netherlands , worked with Alexander van Slobbe , and interned for Maison Martin Margiela .	none	Babette Venderbos, also born in the Netherlands, worked with Alexander van Slobbe, and interned for Maison Martin Margiela.	Babette Venderbos , also a native of the Netherlands , worked with Alexander Jason Slobbe , and interned for Maison Martin Margiela .
8124	none	" Thomas Joseph Mboya was a very good friend and confidante of Eric " , words of the 3rd Kenyan president , Mwai Kibaki , during Khasakhala 's funeral .	none	" Thomas Joseph Mboya was a very good friend and confidant of Eric ", words of the 3rd Kenyan President, Mwai Kibaki, during Khasakhala's funeral.	" Thomas Joseph Mboya was a very good friend and confidante of Eric " , words of the 3rd Kenyan president , Mwai Kibaki , during Khasakhala 's funeral .
8132	none	Dummer was born in Newbury , Massachusetts , the second son of Richard Dummer and his first wife , Frances Burr .	none	Dummer was born in Newbury, Massachusetts, the second son of Richard Dummer and his first wife, Frances Burr.	Dummer was born in Newbury , Massachusetts , the second son of Bradley Dummer and his first wife , Frances Burr .
8138	none	Malik married businessman Asad Bashir Khan Khattak in Dubai on December 25 , 2013 .	none	Malik married businessman Asad Bashir Khan Khattak in Dubai on December 25, 2013.	Malik married businessman Adrian Bashir Khan Khattak in Dubai on December 25 , 2013 .
8139	none	The company was formed from the merger between SP Telemedia , which was founded in 1986 by David and Vicky Teoh , and the Total Peripherals Group in the year 2008 .	none	The company was formed from the merger of SP Telemedia, which was founded in 1986 by David and Vicky Teoh, and the Total Peripherals Group in 2008.	The company was formed from the merger between SP Telemedia , which was founded in 1986 by David and Erica Teoh , and the Total Peripherals Group in the year 2008 .
8145	none	Orson Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed him to Florida .	none	Orson Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed him to Florida.	Angel Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed him to Florida .
8157	none	Granel was an important influence on a number of French philosophers , including Bernard Stiegler , Jean-Luc Nancy and Jacques Derrida .	none	Granel was an important influence on a number of French philosophers, including Bernard Stiegler, Jean-Luc Nancy and Jacques Derrida.	Granel was an important influence on a number of French philosophers , including Bernard Stiegler , Sydney-Luc Nancy and Jacques Derrida .
8161	none	Subsequently , Fletcher apologized to Edwards and compensated him for the flowers .	none	Fletcher then apologized to Edwards and compensated him for the flowers.	Subsequently , Jeffrey apologized to Edwards and compensated him for the flowers .
8162	none	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz ( founded 1784 -- 1794 ) , who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg .	none	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz (founded in 1784 -- 1794), who ruled the University and the Kurviertel Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was Caleb Franz ( founded 1784 -- 1794 ) , who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg .
8163	none	The former chapel was rebuilt as the Baroque St Mary 's pilgrimage church ( " Maria in Hohenburg " ) in 1707 .	none	The former chapel was rebuilt in 1707 as a baroque Marian pilgrimage church ("Maria in Hohenburg").	The former chapel was rebuilt as the Baroque St Mary 's pilgrimage church ( " Angela in Hohenburg " ) in 1707 .
8180	none	Jacob Slichter was the brother of geophysicist Charles Pence Slichter , the father of the physicist Louis B. Slichter and the grandfather of the musician Sumner Slichter .	none	Jacob Slichter was the brother of the geophysicist Charles Pence Slichter, the father of the physicist Louis B. Slichter and the grandfather of the musician Sumner Slichter.	Jacob Slichter was the brother of geophysicist Charles Pence Slichter , the father of the physicist Aiden B. Slichter and the grandfather of the musician Sumner Slichter .
8188	none	Graham Bayne ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .	none	He is a Scottish footballer who plays for Elgin City, where he is currently an Assistant Manager.	Carlos Bayne ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .
8189	none	The decision to use clear contemporary clothing called Houseman " an essential element in Orson ’ s conception of the play as a political melodrama with modern parallels " .	none	The decision to make clear contemporary clothing called Houseman "an essential element in Orson's conception of the game as a political melodrama with modern parallels".	The decision to use clear contemporary clothing called Houseman " an essential element in Cameron ’ s conception of the play as a political melodrama with modern parallels " .
8191	none	On July 7 , 2011 , Russell was traded for Michael Blunden as Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Kris Russell with the Blue Jackets organization .	none	===Columbus Blue Jackets===On 1 July 2011, Russell was traded to Michael Blunden as Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Kris Russell with the Blue Jackets organization.	On July 7 , 2011 , Sean was traded for Michael Blunden as Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Kris Sean with the Blue Jackets organization .
8192	none	Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh were the defending champions but lost in the second round to Zina Garrison and Sherwood Stewart .	none	Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh were the defending champions, but lost in the second round to Zina Garrison and Sherwood Stewart.	Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh were the defending champions but lost in the second round to Zina Garrison and Sherwood Logan .
8208	none	Oliver Marach and Leonardo Mayer defeated Franco Ferreiro and André Sá 7 -- 6 ( 6 ) , 6 -- 3 in the final .	none	Oliver Marach and Leonardo Mayer defeat Franco Ferreiro and André Sá 7 - 6 ( 6 ), 6 - 3 in the final.	Oliver Marach and Leonardo Mayer defeated Patrick Ferreiro and André Sá 7 -- 6 ( 6 ) , 6 -- 3 in the final .
8209	none	In 1986 , South Africa supported the coup d'état in Lesotho which brought Justin Lekhanya to power .	none	In 1986, South Africa supported the coup d'état in Lesotho, which brought Justin Lekhanya to power.	In 1986 , South Africa supported the coup d'état in Lesotho which brought Cameron Lekhanya to power .
8219	none	Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt ( George and Edith Vanderbilt 's only child ) married British aristocrat , John F. A. Cecil , a descendant of William Cecil in 1924 .	none	Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt (George and Edith Vanderbilt's only child) married British aristocrat John F. A. Cecil, a descendant of William Cecil in 1924.	Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt ( Thomas and Edith Vanderbilt 's only child ) married British aristocrat , John F. A. Cecil , a descendant of William Cecil in 1924 .
8220	none	David Ross was the announcer and Carl Fenton conducted the orchestra .	none	David Ross was the announcer and Carl Fenton conducted the orchestra.	Chad Ross was the announcer and Carl Fenton conducted the orchestra .
8226	none	Phoenix repeated this victory in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann .	none	Phoenix repeated this victory in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann.	Phoenix repeated this victory in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Carlos Tiemann .
8230	none	Guillermo Pérez Roldán defeated Andrés Gómez 6 -- 0 , 7 -- 6 , 3 -- 6 , 0 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 .	none	Guillermo Pérez Roldán defeated Andrés Gómez 6 -- 0, 7 -- 6, 3 -- 6, 0 -- 6, 6 -- 2.	Kyle Pérez Roldán defeated Andrés Gómez 6 -- 0 , 7 -- 6 , 3 -- 6 , 0 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 .
8238	none	Mukunda considered George Harrison and the others who first came to England to be his lifelong friends .	none	Mukunda looks at George Harrison and the others who first came to England to be his lifelong friends.	Mukunda considered George Mason and the others who first came to England to be his lifelong friends .
8246	none	Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson won in the final 6 -- 3 , 3 -- 6 , 7 -- 5 against Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor .	none	Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson won 6 - 3, 3 - 6, 7 - 5 against Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor in the final.	Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson won in the final 6 -- 3 , 3 -- 6 , 7 -- 5 against Leslie Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor .
8250	none	Barry Manilow agreed to compose the songs for three Don Bluth pictures .	none	Barry Manilow agreed to compose the songs for three Don Bluth pictures.	Barry Manilow agreed to compose the songs for three Jacob Bluth pictures .
8255	none	He was likely the son of the painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Girolamo Danti .	none	He was probably the son of painter Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi, also from Pesaro, who married the sister of painter Girolamo Danti.	He was likely the son of the painter Giovanni Isaiah Pandolfi , also from Pesaro , who had married the sister of the painter Girolamo Danti .
8262	none	After leaving Sheffield , Mary was taken to Wingfield Manor in Derbyshire by her new gaoler , Sir Ralph Sadler , and then to Tutbury .	none	After leaving Sheffield, Mary was sent to Wingfield Manor in Derbyshire by her new Gaoler, Sir Ralph Sadler, and then to Tutbury.	After leaving Sheffield , Mary was taken to Wingfield Manor in Derbyshire by her new gaoler , Sir Adrian Sadler , and then to Tutbury .
8263	none	Adoum was Pablo Neruda 's personal secretary for nearly two years in Chile .	none	Adoum was Pablo Neruda's personal secretary for almost two years in Chile.	Adoum was Joshua Neruda 's personal secretary for nearly two years in Chile .
8266	none	Through her father , Elizabeth and her sisters , the first cousins of Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , were .	none	Her father, Elizabeth, and her sisters became the first cousins of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.	Through her father , Michelle and her sisters , the first cousins of Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , were .
8268	none	When Andrew Alexander left the Cyclops works , the Alexander family moved from Bath to Sheffield and Patrick decided on a career in the Merchant Navy .	none	When Andrew Alexander left the Cyclops works, the Alexander family moved from Bath to Sheffield and Patrick chose a career in the merchant navy.	When Andrew Angel left the Cyclops works , the Angel family moved from Bath to Sheffield and Patrick decided on a career in the Merchant Navy .
8269	none	Dyson died on board a ship while travelling from England to Australia in 1939 and was buried at sea .	none	Dyson died in 1939 on board a ship that traveled from England to Australia and was buried at sea.	Isaiah died on board a ship while travelling from England to Australia in 1939 and was buried at sea .
8274	none	Nick Frangos ( born Atlantic City , New Jersey ) is a professional poker player who plays in White Plains , New York .	none	Nick Frangos (born Atlantic City, New Jersey) is a professional poker player who plays in White Plains, New York.	Alexander Frangos ( born Atlantic City , New Jersey ) is a professional poker player who plays in White Plains , New York .
8276	none	Kevin Spacey ( Henry Drummond ) and David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady ) played in a revival at Old Vic in London in 2009 .	none	Kevin Spacey (Henry Drummond) and David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady) played in a 2009 revival at Old Vic in London.	Kevin Spacey ( Mason Drummond ) and David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady ) played in a revival at Old Vic in London in 2009 .
8279	none	Carmen Aub Romero ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , Mexico , D.F . ) is a Mexican actress .	none	==Early life and education==Mexico was born in Mexico City, Mexico.	Carmen Aub Bryan ( born October 24 , 1989 in Mexico City , Mexico , D.F . ) is a Mexican actress .
8282	none	Major Harold Berridge CIE OBE ( 1872 -- 17 June 1949 ) was a mechanical engineer and British civil engineer .	none	He was born in London and died in 1949.	Major Luke Berridge CIE OBE ( 1872 -- 17 June 1949 ) was a mechanical engineer and British civil engineer .
8297	none	Soon after , he was displaced by Colin Hudson and later Johnny Watkins on the Cardiff side .	none	Soon after, he was driven out by Colin Hudson and later Johnny Watkins on the Cardiff side.	Soon after , he was displaced by Colin Lucas and later Johnny Watkins on the Cardiff side .
8304	none	Margaret Winser 's entry was selected and used with the stamps engraved by G. W. De Saulles .	none	Margaret Winser's entry was selected and used with the stamps of G. W. De Saulles.	Margaret Winser 's entry was selected and used with the stamps engraved by G. W. Adam Saulles .
8307	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	none	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) sits down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and in various crises.	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Timothy quickly become friends and get into various crises .
8309	none	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .	none	He was born in Chiva, Valencia, Spain.	Alfonso Angel Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Angel Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .
8317	none	Critical Millennium is a 2010 Graphic Novel , written by Andrew E. C. Gaska , published by Archaia Studios Press and illustrated by Daniel Dussault .	none	Critical Millennium is a 2010 graphic novel by Andrew E. C. Gaska.	Critical Millennium is a 2010 Graphic Novel , written by Elijah E. C. Gaska , published by Archaia Studios Press and illustrated by Daniel Dussault .
8319	none	On 23 September , Myles C. Fox left Yokosuka and reached San Diego on October 8 .	none	He left Yokosuka on September 8 and reached San Diego on September 8.	On 23 September , Myles C. Zachary left Yokosuka and reached San Diego on October 8 .
8320	none	Andre Andre Agassi defeated Alex Corretja 2 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 3	none	Andre Andre Agassi defeated Alex Corretja 2 -- 6, 6 -- 2, 6 -- 3	James James Agassi defeated Alex Corretja 2 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 3
8325	none	His first wife was Anna Williams , the sister of his second wife .	none	His first wife was Anna Williams, the sister of his second wife.	His first wife was Patricia Williams , the sister of his second wife .
8328	none	Stewart was a contemporary of Dorothy Kate Richmond , by Frances Hodgkins and Gwen Knight .	none	Stewart was a contemporary of Dorothy Kate Richmond, Frances Hodgkins and Gwen Knight.	Stewart was a contemporary of Tiffany Kate Richmond , by Frances Hodgkins and Gwen Knight .
8331	none	Mannan was a general secretary of the Regional Council and Islamic Advisory Council during the administration of Ayub Khan .	none	Mannan was Secretary General of the Regional Council and the Islamic Advisory Council during the administration of Ayub Khan.	Mannan was a general secretary of the Regional Council and Islamic Advisory Council during the administration of Carlos Khan .
8332	none	When Liliuokalani died in 1917 , territorial governor Lucius E. Pinkham granted her the honor of a state funeral in the throne room of the palace .	none	When Liliuokalani died in 1917, Governor Lucius E. Pinkham granted her the honor of a state funeral in the throne room of the palace.	When Liliuokalani died in 1917 , territorial governor Brandon E. Pinkham granted her the honor of a state funeral in the throne room of the palace .
8339	none	Cowper drew a pencil portrait of John Higgins , and also painted landscapes .	none	Cowper drew a pencil portrait of John Higgins and also painted landscapes.	Cowper drew a pencil portrait of Isaiah Higgins , and also painted landscapes .
8340	none	They stood under the mentorship of Coach Glenn Capacio and Coach Norman Black .	none	They were mentored by coach Glenn Capacio and coach Norman Black.	They stood under the mentorship of Coach Jack Capacio and Coach Norman Black .
8347	none	His meeting with Dave Brubeck is documented in the book " Taj-Mahal Foxtrot " by Naresh Fernandes in 2011 .	none	His meeting with Dave Brubeck is documented in the book "Taj-Mahal Foxtrot" by Naresh Fernandes in 2011.	His meeting with Noah Brubeck is documented in the book " Taj-Mahal Foxtrot " by Naresh Fernandes in 2011 .
8355	none	Defeated Dennis Ralston , Manuel Manuel Santana , 6 -- 4 , 11 - 9 , 6 -- 4	none	Defeat Dennis Ralston, Manuel Manuel Santana, 6 - 4, 11 - 9, 6 - 4	Defeated Dennis Ralston , Alexander Alexander Santana , 6 -- 4 , 11 - 9 , 6 -- 4
8358	none	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Steven Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .	none	Since 1977, LAGOS has made more than two million pieces. Steven Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs per year.	Since 1977 , LAGOS has made more than two million pieces . Derek Lagos estimates that he has created 10,000 pieces and 400 to 500 new designs each year .
8361	none	The aforementioned scientists , Adam , are : Pythagoras , Galileo Galilei , Nicolaus Copernicus , Isaac Newton , Nikola Tesla , Charles Darwin , and Albert Einstein	none	The above scientists, Adam, are: Pythagoras, Galileo Galilei, Nicolaus Copernicus, Isaac Newton, Nikola Tesla, Charles Darwin, and Albert Einstein	The aforementioned scientists , Adam , are : Pythagoras , Galileo Galilei , Jacob Copernicus , Isaac Newton , Nikola Tesla , Charles Darwin , and Albert Einstein
8374	none	The decision to use modern clothing called Houseman an essential element in Orson ’ s conception of the play as a political melodrama with clear contemporary parallels .	none	The decision to use modern clothing called Houseman an essential element in Orson's conception of the game as a political melodrama with clear contemporary parallels.	The decision to use modern clothing called Houseman an essential element in Jackson ’ s conception of the play as a political melodrama with clear contemporary parallels .
8388	none	Justice Felix Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II ( January 17 , 1891 - October 26 , 1951 ) was a Sri Lankan ( Ceylonic ) judge and lawyer .	none	Felix Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II (1891 – 1951) was a Sri Lankan lawyer and judge.	Justice Elijah Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II ( January 17 , 1891 - October 26 , 1951 ) was a Sri Lankan ( Ceylonic ) judge and lawyer .
8398	none	In " The Kingdom of Auschwitz " , Otto Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höss , regarding his decision to display the motto so prominently at the Auschwitz entrance :	none	In "The Kingdom of Auschwitz", Otto Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höss about his decision to show the motto so prominently at the entrance to Auschwitz:	In " The Kingdom of Auschwitz " , Christian Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höss , regarding his decision to display the motto so prominently at the Auschwitz entrance :
8399	none	The Bentley Brook or Bradbourne Brook is a small tributary of the River Dove in Derbyshire , England , and is 14.5 kilometres ( 9 miles ) long	none	The Bentley Brook or Bradbourne Brook is a small tributary of the Dove in Derbyshire, England.	The Bentley Sophia or Bradbourne Sophia is a small tributary of the River Dove in Derbyshire , England , and is 14.5 kilometres ( 9 miles ) long
8409	none	Tamara Anna Cislowska released the album " Peter Sculthorpe -- Complete Works for Solo Piano " in September 2014 .	none	Tamara Anna Cislowska released the album "Peter Sculthorpe -- Complete Works for Solo Piano" in September 2014.	Tamara Chelsea Cislowska released the album " Peter Sculthorpe -- Complete Works for Solo Piano " in September 2014 .
8421	none	Ayliffe married Janet Lloyd in 1963 and had two children .	none	Ayliffe married Janet Lloyd in 1963 and had two children.	Ayliffe married Janet Andrew in 1963 and had two children .
8445	none	In the past , when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state , he conquered over 70 cities in Qi , except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan .	none	In the past, when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state, he conquered over 70 cities in Qi, except Ju and Jimo for Tian Dan.	In the past , when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state , he conquered over 70 cities in Qi , except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Benjamin .
8448	none	This episode marks the final appearance of guest actress Denise Cloyd as Merritt Wever , who was introduced at the beginning of the sixth season .	none	This episode marks the last appearance of the guest actress Denise Cloyd as Merritt Wever, who was introduced at the beginning of the sixth season.	This episode marks the final appearance of guest actress Denise Cloyd as Michelle Wever , who was introduced at the beginning of the sixth season .
8457	none	Michael Chang won in the final 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 5 against Renzo Furlan .	none	Michael Chang won 3 - 6, 6 - 3, 7 - 5 against Renzo Furlan in the final.	Michael Chang won in the final 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 7 -- 5 against Bradley Furlan .
8462	none	Trina , better known as Taylor Katrina Laverne , is a rapper .	none	Trina, better known as Taylor Katrina Laverne, is a rapper.	Trina , better known as Taylor Emily Laverne , is a rapper .
8468	none	It was organised from militia companies from Brattleboro , Burlington , Castleton , Fletcher , Ludlow , Montpelier , Tunbridge , Vergennes and Waterbury .	none	It was organized by militias from Brattleboro, Burlington, Castleton, Fletcher, Ludlow, Montpelier, Tunbridge, Vergennes and Waterbury.	It was organised from militia companies from Brattleboro , Burlington , Castleton , Jeffrey , Ludlow , Montpelier , Tunbridge , Vergennes and Waterbury .
8472	none	The following pass of Sam Sam Bradford was tipped by Florida DB Joe Haden and intercepted by Florida Safety Major Wright .	none	The following pass of Sam Sam Bradford was tipped by Florida DB Joe Haden and intercepted by Florida Safety Major Wright.	The following pass of Sam Sam Bradford was tipped by Florida DB Christopher Haden and intercepted by Florida Safety Major Wright .
8474	none	He played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Caitlin Stasey ( Rachel Kinski ) .	none	He played Garrett Burns, an interest in love with Caitlin Stasey (Rachel Kinski).	He played Garrett Burns , a love interest for Jamie Stasey ( Rachel Kinski ) .
8490	none	Her other great hit was " The White Cliffs of Dover " , words by Walter Kent , music by Nat Burton .	none	Her other big hit was "The White Cliffs of Dover", words by Walter Kent, music by Nat Burton.	Her other great hit was " The White Cliffs of Dover " , words by Walter David , music by Nat Burton .
8498	none	Yuko Mizutani is voiced by Katherine Burton in Japanese and by Anri in English .	none	Yuko Mizutani is spoken by Katherine Burton in Japanese and Anri in English.	Yuko Mizutani is voiced by Katherine Mark in Japanese and by Anri in English .
8502	none	According to Jon Uren , Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe , the song also had " fantastic " early support all over Europe .	none	According to Jon Uren, Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe, the song also had "Fantastic" early support throughout Europe.	According to Jeffrey Uren , Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe , the song also had " fantastic " early support all over Europe .
8503	none	Christine became hopeful that after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott , her son Walter could still be alive .	none	Christine became hopeful that her son Walter could still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.	Christine became hopeful that after her first interview with Gordon Charles Northcott , her son Walter could still be alive .
8508	none	Whitey and Joe Boy return to the restaurant where they cut Terry 's ; tires of his car .	none	Whitey and Joe Boy return to the restaurant where they cut Terry's; tires of his car.	Whitey and Joe Liam return to the restaurant where they cut Terry 's ; tires of his car .
8526	none	In 1791 Hamilton returned to Dublin , where he died . In 1796 he painted Lord Edward Fitzgerald , the Irish revolutionary .	none	In 1791 Hamilton returned to Dublin, where he died. In 1796 he painted Lord Edward Fitzgerald, the Irish revolutionary.	In 1791 Hamilton returned to Dublin , where he died . In 1796 he painted Lord Lucas Fitzgerald , the Irish revolutionary .
8531	none	Frank Morison ( January 1 , 1881 - September 14 , 1950 ) , ( pseudonym Albert Henry Ross ) , was an English advertising agent and freelance writer .	none	Frank Morison (January 1, 1881 - September 14, 1950 ) was an English advertising agent and freelance writer.	Frank Morison ( January 1 , 1881 - September 14 , 1950 ) , ( pseudonym Albert Henry Jason ) , was an English advertising agent and freelance writer .
8541	none	On November 4 , 2017 , Irina Viner officially announced to the Russian press that Mamun has completed her competitive career in rhythmic gymnastics .	none	On November 4, 2017, Irina Viner officially announced to the Russian press that Mamun has finished her career in rhythmic gymnastics.	On November 4 , 2017 , Emily Viner officially announced to the Russian press that Mamun has completed her competitive career in rhythmic gymnastics .
8542	none	Hannah Craske was born on 26 November 1892 in Norfolk , England , daughter of Edmund and Margaret Craske .	none	Hannah Craske was born on November 26, 1892 in Norfolk, England, daughter of Edmund and Margaret Craske.	Hannah Craske was born on 26 November 1892 in Norfolk , England , daughter of Mark and Margaret Craske .
8552	none	Vonberg worked at Imperial College and then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 , where he studied with Martin Ryle .	none	Vonberg worked at Imperial College and then at the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he studied with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg worked at Imperial College and then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 , where he studied with Derek Ryle .
8565	none	On 26 July 2012 , Neil Heywood was charged with the assassination of Gu Kailai .	none	On July 26th, 2012, Neil Heywood was charged with the murder of Gu Kailai.	On 26 July 2012 , Christian Heywood was charged with the assassination of Gu Kailai .
8570	none	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park ) was hosted in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by Frank Skinner .	none	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park) was in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by Frank Skinner.	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park ) was hosted in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by Elijah Skinner .
8571	none	Isitt went to our Lady of Fatima Primary School and Lordswood Girls Secondary School and is a cousin of the footballer Darren Wassall .	none	Isitt went to our Lady of Fatima primary school and Lordswood Girls Secondary School and is a cousin of footballer Darren Wassall.	Isitt went to our Lady of Fatima Primary School and Lordswood Girls Secondary School and is a cousin of the footballer Juan Wassall .
8579	none	After the 1962 season , Green was traded to the New York Mets along with Tracy Stallard and Al Moran in exchange for Felix Mantilla .	none	===New York Mets===In 1962, Green was traded to the New York Mets, along with Tracy Stallard and Al Moran.	After the 1962 season , Green was traded to the New York Mets along with Erica Stallard and Al Moran in exchange for Felix Mantilla .
8586	none	Mukunda considered George Harrison and the others who first came to England to be his lifelong friends .	none	Mukunda looks at George Harrison and the others who first came to England to be his lifelong friends.	Mukunda considered Richard Harrison and the others who first came to England to be his lifelong friends .
8592	none	The band then added bassist Duane Cowan , who had recently relocated from Japan to Los Angeles .	none	The band then added bassist Duane Cowan, who had recently moved from Japan to Los Angeles.	The band then added bassist Andrew Cowan , who had recently relocated from Japan to Los Angeles .
8600	none	In March , Edwards suffered an ACL injury and Richards started his singles run by feud with TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee .	none	In March, Edwards suffered an ACL injury and Richards began his singles from Fehde with TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee.	In March , Edwards suffered an ACL injury and Richards started his singles run by feud with TNA X Division Champion Trevor Sean .
8611	none	The company was founded in 2008 from the merger between SP Telemedia , which was founded in 1986 by David and Vicky Teoh , and the Total Peripherals Group .	none	The company was founded in 2008 by the merger of SP Telemedia, which was founded in 1986 by David and Vicky Teoh, and the Total Peripherals Group.	The company was founded in 2008 from the merger between SP Telemedia , which was founded in 1986 by Evan and Vicky Teoh , and the Total Peripherals Group .
8613	none	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz ( founded 1784 -- 1794 ) , who dominated the university and spa quarter of Bad Godesberg .	none	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz (founded 1784 -- 1794), who dominated the university and spa district of Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was Justin Franz ( founded 1784 -- 1794 ) , who dominated the university and spa quarter of Bad Godesberg .
8615	none	Judith has even tried to be friends with Alan ; however , it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life .	none	Judith even tried to be friends with Alan; however, it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life.	Judith has even tried to be friends with William ; however , it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life .
8619	none	In TV series " Muhteşem Yüzyıl " , Şah Sultan is played by the Turkish actress Deniz Çakır .	none	In the TV series "Muhteşem Yüzyıl" Şah Sultan is played by Turkish actress Deniz Çakır.	In TV series " Muhteşem Yüzyıl " , Şah Sultan is played by the Turkish actress Jack Çakır .
8621	none	On 15 January 2014 , Douglas was traded at the Miami Heat in a three-team deal with the Warriors and the Boston Celtics .	none	===Miami Heat===On January 1, 2014, Douglas was traded to the Miami Heat in a three-team deal with the Warriors and the Boston Celtics.	On 15 January 2014 , Joseph was traded at the Miami Heat in a three-team deal with the Warriors and the Boston Celtics .
8624	none	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré .	none	He is the first son of Argentine coach Oscar Garré, brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré.	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Kevin Garré .
8643	none	The evil Gabriela Rivero ( Teresa Rivas Gomez ) ends paralyzed and Virginia lets her stay in her house .	none	The evil Gabriela Rivero ( Teresa Rivas Gomez) ends paralyzed and Virginia leaves her in her house.	The evil Alexandra Rivero ( Teresa Rivas Gomez ) ends paralyzed and Virginia lets her stay in her house .
8646	none	Jack wrote his autobiography in 1987 with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription .	none	Jack wrote his autobiography in 1987 with Paul Conn, "Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.	Jack wrote his autobiography in 1987 with Eric Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription .
8653	none	Denny Felsner is the brother of hockey player , Brian Felsner .	none	Denny Felsner is the brother of ice hockey player Brian Felsner.	Denny Felsner is the brother of hockey player , Liam Felsner .
8656	none	The cast includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Raja Mayekar , chandu parkhi ,	none	The cast includes Ashwini Bhave, Nilu Phule, Sulabha Deshpandey, Satita Prabhune, Ashok Saraf, Vikram Gokhale, Raja Mayekar, chandu parkhi,	The cast includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Nathan Mayekar , chandu parkhi ,
8659	none	Original members of the NYL include : Fresno , Roosevelt , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Hanford and Edison .	none	The original members of the NYL are Fresno, Roosevelt, Merced, Visalia, Madera, Hanford and Edison.	Original members of the NYL include : Fresno , Jeffrey , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Hanford and Edison .
8665	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on 5 August 1875 .	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour, daughter of Thomas Taylour, 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson, on 5 August 1875.	He married Danielle Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on 5 August 1875 .
8680	none	On December 30 , 1888 , she married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Susie J. Clarke .	none	In 1888, she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer, Massachusetts.	On December 30 , 1888 , she married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Alexandra J. Clarke .
8684	none	In 1900 , Elizabeth Waller married Cowles , and her daughter Harriet was born in 1912 .	none	In 1900, Elizabeth married Waller Cowles, and her daughter Harriet was born in 1912.	In 1900 , Haley Waller married Cowles , and her daughter Harriet was born in 1912 .
8700	none	The date set for the executions of the three Quaker evangelists , William Robinson , Marmaduke Stephenson and Mary Dyer , was 27 October 1659 .	none	The date for the executions of the three Quaker Evangelists, William Robinson, Marmaduke Stephenson and Mary Dyer, was October 27, 1659.	The date set for the executions of the three Quaker evangelists , William Robinson , Marmaduke Stephenson and Sydney Dyer , was 27 October 1659 .
8705	none	Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez won the title , defeating Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 in the final .	none	Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez won the title and defeated Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos 6 - 2, 6 - 2 in the final.	Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez won the title , defeating Julio Peralta and Logan Zeballos 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 in the final .
8717	none	On March 31 , 2012 , Frank Martin was announced as head coach after Bruce Weber left for South Carolina .	none	On March 31, 2012, Frank Martin was announced as head coach after Bruce Weber left for South Carolina.	On March 31 , 2012 , Frank Martin was announced as head coach after Travis Weber left for South Carolina .
8718	none	Dave Denine is a former Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . He served in the provincial cabinet from 2007-2011 as Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs .	none	Dave Denine is a former Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. He served as Minister of Government Affairs in the Province Cabinet from 2007-2011.	Nicholas Denine is a former Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . He served in the provincial cabinet from 2007-2011 as Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs .
8722	none	All lyrics written by Jarvis Cocker , except " The Will to Power " lyrics by Russell Senior , all music composed by Pulp .	none	All lyrics written by Jarvis Cocker, except "The Will to Power" lyrics by Russell Senior, all music composed by Pulp.	All lyrics written by Jarvis Cocker , except " The Will to Power " lyrics by Charles Senior , all music composed by Pulp .
8728	none	Dunham Township changed its name from Byron Township on December 28 , 1850 , to avoid confusion with Byron Township and to honor a resident , Solomon J. Dunham .	none	Dunham Township changed its name to Byron Township on December 28, 1850 to avoid confusion with Byron Township and to honor a resident, Solomon J. Dunham.	Dunham Township changed its name from Byron Township on December 28 , 1850 , to avoid confusion with Byron Township and to honor a resident , Lucas J. Dunham .
8735	none	TobyMac married Kerri McKeehan , sister of Stuart , in 1995 .	none	TobyMac married Kerri McKeehan, sister of Stuart, in 1995.	TobyMac married Kerri McKeehan , sister of William , in 1995 .
8739	none	The popular French singers Coralie Clément and Benjamin Biolay , as well as football player hopeful Grégory Bettiol and actor and cellist Maurice Baquet were born in the town .	none	The popular French singers Coralie Clément and Benjamin Biolay, as well as footballers hopefully Grégory Bettiol and actor and cellist Maurice Baquet were born in the city.	The popular French singers Coralie Clément and Benjamin Biolay , as well as football player hopeful Grégory Bettiol and actor and cellist Mark Baquet were born in the town .
8742	none	On 31 March 1958 , Daley , together with Gene Woodling and Dick Williams , was traded on the Baltimore Orioles for Larry Doby and Don Ferrarese .	none	On March 31, 1958, Daley was traded to the Baltimore Orioles together with Gene Woodling and Dick Williams for Larry Doby and Don Ferrare.	On 31 March 1958 , Jasmine , together with Gene Woodling and Dick Williams , was traded on the Baltimore Orioles for Larry Doby and Don Ferrarese .
8743	none	Tame Parata ( 1837 -- 6 March 1917 ) , also known as Thomas Pratt , was a Māori and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand .	none	Māori was a member of the Liberal Party of New Zealand from 1917 to 1917.	Tame Parata ( 1837 -- 6 March 1917 ) , also known as Ian Pratt , was a Māori and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand .
8744	none	The couple had their first child , Nicol , in August 2012 , and their second son Schalk Jr. was born in March 2014 .	none	The couple had their first child, Nicol, in August 2012, and their second son, Schalk Jr., was born in March 2014.	The couple had their first child , Monica , in August 2012 , and their second son Schalk Jr. was born in March 2014 .
8754	none	This debate was presented by the anchors Jessica Soho and Mike Enriquez of GMA News and John Nery , editor of " Inquirer.net " .	none	This debate was presented by the anchors Jessica Soho and Mike Enriquez of GMA News and John Nery, editor of "Inquirer.net".	This debate was presented by the anchors Amber Soho and Mike Enriquez of GMA News and John Nery , editor of " Inquirer.net " .
8755	none	Thomas Fothergill D.D . was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .	none	Thomas Fothergill D.D. was an English university administrator at Oxford University.	Jonathan Fothergill D.D . was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .
8758	none	In 1956 , she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors , which were Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev .	none	In 1956 she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for the conductors of the great orchestral concerto Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.	In 1956 , she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors , which were James Simeonov and Emil Georgiev .
8772	none	In July 2009 , video director Derek Pike shot a video for the single " 24k Rap " featuring Havoc and Raekwon .	none	In July 2009, video director Derek Pike made a video for the single "24k Rap" with Havoc and Raekwon.	In July 2009 , video director Derek Pike shot a video for the single " 24k Rap " featuring Havoc and Aiden .
8774	none	Zorina was the grandmother of sisters Lizzie ( Elizabeth ) , Katherine and Kristina Lieberson , who are now members of the band TEEN .	none	Zorina was the grandmother of the sisters Lizzie ( Elizabeth ), Katherine and Kristina Lieberson, who are now members of the band TEEN.	Zorina was the grandmother of sisters Lizzie ( Elizabeth ) , Samantha and Kristina Lieberson , who are now members of the band TEEN .
8779	none	Charles Conger sold it to Esler in 1889 , who sold it to Horace Nichols in May 1891 .	none	Charles Conger sold it to Esler in 1889, who sold it to Horace Nichols in May 1891.	Charles Conger sold it to Esler in 1889 , who sold it to Horace Hunter in May 1891 .
8793	none	He has previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday .	none	He previously played for North Ferriby United, Notts County, York City, Gainsborough Trinity, Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday.	He has previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough April , Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday .
8810	none	Counties include : St. Joseph , LaPorte , Marshall , Elkhart and Strong Counties in Indiana and Berrien and Cass Counties in Lower Michigan .	none	Counties include St. Joseph, LaPorte, Marshall, Elkhart and Starke Counties in Indiana and Berrien and Cass Counties in Lower Michigan.	Counties include : St. Joseph , LaPorte , Marshall , Elkhart and Strong Counties in Indiana and Berrien and Charles Counties in Lower Michigan .
8811	none	In 2017 , Chris Shiflett filled in for " Cheney " on the spring tour of " Me First and the Gim me Gimmes " .	none	In 2017, Chris Shiflett filled up for " Cheney " on the spring tour of " Me First and the Gim me Gimmes ".	In 2017 , Gabriel Shiflett filled in for " Cheney " on the spring tour of " Me First and the Gim me Gimmes " .
8817	none	Joe was born in Quincy , Massachusetts on March 27 , 1929 and grew up in Somerville , Massachusetts .	none	Joe was born in Quincy, Massachusetts on March 27, 1929 and grew up in Somerville, Massachusetts.	Luke was born in Quincy , Massachusetts on March 27 , 1929 and grew up in Somerville , Massachusetts .
8820	none	Cheadle Heath railway station served a railway station which between 1901 and 1968 was the village of Cheadle , Stockport , and the Cheshire suburb Cheadle Hulme .	none	Cheadle Heath station served a railway station which between 1901 and 1968 was the village of Cheadle, Stockport, and the Cheshire suburb of Cheadle Hulme.	Cheadle Isaac railway station served a railway station which between 1901 and 1968 was the village of Cheadle , Stockport , and the Cheshire suburb Cheadle Hulme .
8822	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	none	They were accompanied or soon followed by several other families, including Masters, Parker, Lundy, Battin, Kisner, Lemon, Oliver, and Rich.	They were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Kevin .
8833	none	Critics of HRW include the national governments it has investigated , NGO Monitor , the media , and its founder ( and former chairman ) , Robert L. Bernstein .	none	Among the critics of HRW are the national governments, NGO Monitor, the media and their founders (and former chairman ), Robert L. Bernstein.	Critics of HRW include the national governments it has investigated , NGO Monitor , the media , and its founder ( and former chairman ) , Mark L. Bernstein .
8834	none	During the election crisis of 2004 , Kushnaryov agitated for the creation of an independent southeastern Ukrainian state in the case of Viktor Yushchenko 's victory .	none	During the election crisis of 2004, Kuknaryov excited for the creation of an independent southeastern Ukrainian state in the case of Viktor Yushchenko victory.	During the election crisis of 2004 , Kushnaryov agitated for the creation of an independent southeastern Ukrainian state in the case of Anthony Yushchenko 's victory .
8837	none	He wrote the screenplay in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .	none	He wrote the script in collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen.	He wrote the screenplay in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Mary Olsen .
8847	none	Meanwhile , the young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman .	none	Meanwhile, young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman.	Meanwhile , the young Ben Jayden idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman .
8849	none	Hamilton is widely considered the greatest driver of his generation and often regarded as one of the best Formula One drivers in the history of the sport .	none	Hamilton is widely considered the largest driver of his generation and often considered one of the best Formula 1 drivers in the history of sports.	Kevin is widely considered the greatest driver of his generation and often regarded as one of the best Formula One drivers in the history of the sport .
8858	none	A grandson of Henry Dennis was Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc , organist of Blackpool Parish Church from 1918 to 1963 .	none	A grandson of Henry Dennis was Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc, organist of the Blackpool parish church from 1918 to 1963.	A grandson of Kenneth Dennis was Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc , organist of Blackpool Parish Church from 1918 to 1963 .
8870	none	Otter Bay is a natural bay on the island of Coney Bay in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . It is located east of Newfoundland .	none	Otter Bay is a natural bay on the island of Coney Bay in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It is located east of Newfoundland.	Otter Katherine is a natural bay on the island of Coney Katherine in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . It is located east of Newfoundland .
8888	none	Stubbs Pass is a north-south pass through the middle of Joerg Peninsula on the east side of Graham Land .	none	The Stubbs Pass is a north-south pass through the middle of the Jörg Peninsula on the east side of Graham Land.	Stubbs Pass is a north-south pass through the middle of Joerg Peninsula on the east side of Hunter Land .
8898	none	In 1923 , Jacob Blaustein and his son , Louis Blaustein , sold half a participation in their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed supply of oil .	none	In 1923, Jacob Blaustein and his son Louis Blaustein sold half of their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed oil supply.	In 1923 , Jacob Blaustein and his son , Kevin Blaustein , sold half a participation in their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed supply of oil .
8910	none	His birth certificate records his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta , but his Argentine identity papers have Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri instead .	none	His birth certificate draws his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta, but his Argentine identity papers have held Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri.	His birth certificate records his name as Madison Erminio Blotta , but his Argentine identity papers have Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri instead .
8911	none	Ross was originally imprisoned at North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard and finally shipped to Innoshima where he worked at Sham Shui Po Barracks for Osaka Ironworks .	none	Ross was originally detained in North Point, then marched to Habu Dockyard and eventually shipped to Innoshima, where he worked for Osaka Ironworks in Sham Shui Po Barracks.	Kyle was originally imprisoned at North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard and finally shipped to Innoshima where he worked at Sham Shui Po Barracks for Osaka Ironworks .
8913	none	As galanthophiles , the authors of the works on which these notes are based also apply , the botanist Aaron Davis and the gardeners John Grimshaw and Matt Bishop .	none	Galanthophiles are also the authors of the works on which these notes are based, botanist Aaron Davis and gardeners John Grimshaw and Matt Bishop.	As galanthophiles , the authors of the works on which these notes are based also apply , the botanist Aaron Davis and the gardeners Timothy Grimshaw and Matt Bishop .
8925	none	He was a son of the surgeon Timothy Hosmer ( born 1740 in Middletown , Connecticut , died in Canandaigua , New York , 1820 ) .	none	He was a son of surgeon Timothy Hosmer (born 1740 in Middletown, Connecticut, died in Canandaigua, New York, 1820).	He was a son of the surgeon Travis Hosmer ( born 1740 in Middletown , Connecticut , died in Canandaigua , New York , 1820 ) .
8928	none	Konrad Adenauer was painted by Hans Jürgen Kallmann in 1963 .	none	Konrad Adenauer was painted in 1963 by Hans Jürgen Kallmann.	Andrew Adenauer was painted by Hans Jürgen Kallmann in 1963 .
8931	none	In the 2014 film " Get On Up " , a biography of James Brown , produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger , Josh Hopkins is depicted as bass .	none	In the 2014 film " Get On Up", a biography of James Brown, produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger, Josh Hopkins is portrayed as bass.	In the 2014 film " Get On Up " , a biography of James Brown , produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Robert , Josh Hopkins is depicted as bass .
8934	none	John Hale is played by Xander Berkeley ( as Magistrate Hale ) in the 2014 TV series " Salem " .	none	==Filmography=====Film======Television=====References====External links==	Jayden Hale is played by Xander Berkeley ( as Magistrate Hale ) in the 2014 TV series " Salem " .
8937	none	Zorina was the grandmother of the sisters Lizzie ( Elizabeth ) , Katherine and Kristina Lieberson , who are members of the band TEEN .	none	Zorina was the grandmother of the sisters Lizzie ( Elizabeth), Katherine and Kristina Lieberson, who are members of the band TEEN.	Zorina was the grandmother of the sisters Lizzie ( Elizabeth ) , Kaitlyn and Kristina Lieberson , who are members of the band TEEN .
8950	none	The Assembly sat for the pleasure of the governor of Nova Scotia , Lucius Bentinck Cary , and Jeremiah Dickson became Governor in 1846 .	none	The assembly sat for the joy of the governor of Nova Scotia, Lucius Bentinck Cary, and Jeremiah Dickson became governor in 1846.	The Assembly sat for the pleasure of the governor of Nova Scotia , Lucius Bentinck Cary , and Nathaniel Dickson became Governor in 1846 .
8962	none	Escher was born as the son of the geologist and mineralogist Berend George Escher and the Swiss Emma Brosy .	none	Escher was born as the son of geologist and mineralogist Berend George Escher and Swiss Emma Brosy.	Escher was born as the son of the geologist and mineralogist Berend Connor Escher and the Swiss Emma Brosy .
8966	none	In June 2011 , Linda Beecher married Finch at Dartmoor National Park .	none	In June 2011, Linda married Beecher Finch in Dartmoor National Park.	In June 2011 , Crystal Beecher married Finch at Dartmoor National Park .
8972	none	Originally , Ross was arrested in North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard , and finally shipped to Innoshima , where he worked for the Osaka Ironworks at Sham Shui Po Barracks .	none	Originally, Ross was arrested in North Point, then marched to Habu Dockyard and eventually shipped to Innoshima, where he worked for the Osaka Ironworks in Sham Shui Po Barracks.	Originally , Adrian was arrested in North Point , then marched to Habu Dockyard , and finally shipped to Innoshima , where he worked for the Osaka Ironworks at Sham Shui Po Barracks .
8974	none	Rick Peach was a vicar , who was involved in scenes with Brooke Vincent ( Sophie Webster ) and Blanche Hunt ( Maggie Jones ) .	none	Rick Peach was a vicar who was involved in scenes with Brooke Vincent (Sophie Webster) and Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones).	Rick Peach was a vicar , who was involved in scenes with Brooke Vincent ( Sophie Webster ) and Blanche Hunt ( Maggie Cameron ) .
8980	none	The Island was named after the reverend Robert Rutherford , who came to the region in 1729 with David Dunbar 's group from Northern Ireland .	none	The island was named after the Reverend Robert Rutherford, who came to the region in 1729 with David Dunbar's group from Northern Ireland.	The Island was named after the reverend Robert Rutherford , who came to the region in 1729 with Peter Dunbar 's group from Northern Ireland .
8984	none	The novella was translated into English by Roger Senhouse and published ( with " The Cat " translated by Antonia White ) in 1953 .	none	The novel was translated into English by Roger Senhouse in 1953 (with "Die Katze" translated by Antonia White).	The novella was translated into English by Roger Senhouse and published ( with " The Cat " translated by Alicia White ) in 1953 .
8985	none	San Pedro Springs Park is located in the San Antonio city of Bexar County in the U.S. state of Texas .	none	San Pedro Springs Park is located in San Antonio County, Texas, United States.	San Samuel Springs Park is located in the San Antonio city of Bexar County in the U.S. state of Texas .
8988	none	As a screenwriter , his first indie feature , " The Watermelon " , was directed by Lorenda Starfelt and produced by Brad Mays at LightSong Films .	none	As a screenwriter, his first indie feature, "The Watermelon", was directed by Lorenda Starfelt and produced by Brad Mays at LightSong Films.	As a screenwriter , his first indie feature , " The Watermelon " , was directed by Lorenda Starfelt and produced by Jayden Mays at LightSong Films .
8990	none	The music was composed by Unni Menon and the texts written by Shyam , Sreekumaran Thampi was popular for singing songs in this film .	none	The music was composed by Unni Menon and the lyrics written by Shyam, Sreekumaran Thampi was popular for singing songs in this movie.	The music was composed by Unni Menon and the texts written by Paul , Sreekumaran Thampi was popular for singing songs in this film .
8998	none	Justine Henin defeated Sarah Pitkowski , 6 -- 1 , 6 - - 2	none	Justine Henin defeated Sarah Pitkowski, 6 - 1, 6 - 2	Justine Henin defeated Jamie Pitkowski , 6 -- 1 , 6 - - 2
9015	none	She was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . She was the niece of artist Stephen Jackson . She married Henry Albert Hartland .	none	She was born in Cork, the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh. She was the niece of the artist Stephen Jackson. She married Henry Albert Hartland.	She was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Amanda Walsh . She was the niece of artist Stephen Jackson . She married Henry Albert Hartland .
9017	none	The BMS - Chairman is Jürg Kramer ( FU ) , and the deputy chairpersons are Günter M. Ziegler ( HU ) and John M. Sullivan ( TU ) .	none	The BMS president is Jürg Kramer ( FU ) and the vice-chairmen are Günter M. Ziegler ( HU ) and John M. Sullivan ( TU ).	The BMS - Chairman is Jürg Kramer ( FU ) , and the deputy chairpersons are Günter M. Ziegler ( HU ) and Shawn M. Sullivan ( TU ) .
9018	none	On February 6 , 2014 , Thompson was traded by the Penguins to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Spencer Machacek .	none	On February 2, 2014, Thompson was traded from the Penguins to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Spencer Machacek.	On February 6 , 2014 , Scott was traded by the Penguins to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Spencer Machacek .
9038	none	Carl Bildt called the journal " An ambitious attempt to stimulate the European as well as global debate on European issues " .	none	Carl Bildt called the magazine "An ambitious attempt to stimulate the European and global debate on European issues".	Edward Bildt called the journal " An ambitious attempt to stimulate the European as well as global debate on European issues " .
9045	none	Tim Tim Henman won in the final with 6 -- 2 , 7 -- 6 against Yevgeny Kafelnikov .	none	Tim Tim Henman won in the final with 6 - 2, 7 - 6 against Evgeny Kafelnikov.	Timothy Timothy Henman won in the final with 6 -- 2 , 7 -- 6 against Yevgeny Kafelnikov .
9052	none	It is located southeast of Moosehead Lake , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 miles west of White Cap Mountain .	none	It is located southeast of Moosehead Lake, 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 miles west of White Cap Mountain.	It is located southeast of Moosehead Nathan , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 miles west of White Cap Mountain .
9055	none	The band separated shortly afterwards and reformed in 1987 as a trio with Matt Green and Brothers Lucy ( drums , vocals ) and Joel Green ( guitar ) .	none	The band split up shortly afterwards and reformed in 1987 as a trio with Matt Green and Brothers Lucy (drums, vocals) and Joel Green (guitar).	The band separated shortly afterwards and reformed in 1987 as a trio with Adrian Green and Brothers Lucy ( drums , vocals ) and Joel Green ( guitar ) .
9058	none	TJ Trinidad , Joem Bascon , Rico Robles , Rico Barrera , Jordan Hererra , Biboy Ramirez , Eric Fructuoso and Michael Roy Jornales were among the participants .	none	TJ Trinidad, Joem Bascon, Rico Robles, Rico Barrera, Jordan Hererra, Biboy Ramirez, Eric Fructuoso and Michael Roy Jornales were among the participants.	TJ Trinidad , Joem Bascon , Rico Robles , Rico Barrera , Jordan Hererra , Biboy Ramirez , Eric Fructuoso and Andrew Roy Jornales were among the participants .
9061	none	He would go on to have a number of children with her , including Emilio ( Emilito ) , Daniel , Jose , Facundo , Maria , and Carmen .	none	He would go further to a number of children with her, including Emilio (Emilito), Daniel, Jose, Facundo, Maria, and Carmen.	He would go on to have a number of children with her , including Emilio ( Emilito ) , Daniel , Jose , Facundo , Emily , and Carmen .
9066	none	Recorded in August 2011 at the House of Görväln in Uppland , Maria Lundqvist replaced Louise Hoffsten , who could not attend .	none	Recorded in August 2011 at the House of Görväln in Uppland, Maria Lundqvist replaced Louise Hoffsten who could not participate.	Recorded in August 2011 at the House of Görväln in Uppland , Maria Lundqvist replaced Isabella Hoffsten , who could not attend .
9074	none	The historical fallacy is a logical fallacy that was described in " The Psychological Review " by the philosopher John Dewey in 1896 .	none	The historical fallacy is a logical fallacy described by philosopher John Dewey in "The Psychological Review" in 1896.	The historical fallacy is a logical fallacy that was described in " The Psychological Review " by the philosopher Jonathan Dewey in 1896 .
9096	none	Parks Wilderness is located in Nacimiento Mountains , the western finger of the southernmost Rocky Mountains .	none	Parks Wilderness is located in Nacimiento Mountains, the western finger of the southernmost Rocky Mountains.	Ryan Wilderness is located in Nacimiento Mountains , the western finger of the southernmost Rocky Mountains .
9100	none	In September 2015 , Morimoto opened the pan-Asian restaurant Morimoto Asia in Disney Springs at Walt Disney World in Florida .	none	In September 2015, Morimoto opened the Panasian restaurant Morimoto Asia in Disney Springs near Walt Disney World in Florida.	In September 2015 , Morimoto opened the pan-Asian restaurant Morimoto Karen in Disney Springs at Walt Disney World in Florida .
9103	none	Dominika Cibulková won the tournament beating in the final Petra Kvitová , 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 .	none	Dominika Cibulková won the tournament in the final Petra Kvitová, 6 - 4, 6 - 1.	Natalie Cibulková won the tournament beating in the final Petra Kvitová , 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 .
9107	none	Irma Chilton ( born Mair Elizabeth Irma Evans , November 12 , 1930 -- 1990 ) was a Welsh children 's author in English and Welsh .	none	Irma Chilton (b. Mair Elizabeth Irma Evans, November 12, 1930 -- 1990) was a Welsh children's author in English and Welsh.	Irma Chilton ( born Mair Kimberly Irma Evans , November 12 , 1930 -- 1990 ) was a Welsh children 's author in English and Welsh .
9117	none	He was twice married to Elizabeth Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .	none	He was married twice to Elizabeth Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski and had three daughters.	He was twice married to Avery Dettlaff and Annie Kowalkowski , and had three daughters .
9121	none	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with former world champion Daniel Jacobs .	none	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with former world champion Daniel Jacobs.	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with former world champion Ryan Jacobs .
9134	none	Harmsworth married Thomas Scott , daughter of Annie Louisa , in 1892 .	none	Harmsworth married Thomas Scott, daughter of Annie Louisa, in 1892.	Harmsworth married Thomas Scott , daughter of Tara Louisa , in 1892 .
9161	none	He has played for Sheffield Wednesday , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town , and North Ferriby United .	none	He played for Sheffield Wednesday, Notts County, York City, Gainsborough Trinity, Matlock Town and North Ferriby United.	He has played for Sheffield Wednesday , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Brittany , Matlock Town , and North Ferriby United .
9162	none	They were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Rich .	none	They were accompanied or soon followed by several other families, including Masters, Parker, Lundy, Battin, Kisner, Lemon, Oliver, and Rich.	They were accompanied or were soon followed by several other families , including Masters , Parker , Lundy , Battin , Kisner , Lemon , Oliver , and Patrick .
9165	none	Collins Avenue is home to many historic Art Deco hotels , and several nightclubs to the north .	none	Collins Avenue is home to many historic Art Deco hotels, and several nightclubs in the north.	Collins Avenue is home to many historic Eric Deco hotels , and several nightclubs to the north .
9166	none	Among the women , Sarah Hendrickson ( USA ) , Sara Takanashi ( Japan ) , Coline Mattel ( France ) and Evelyn Insam ( Italy ) were the favorites .	none	Among the women, Sarah Hendrickson (USA), Sara Takanashi (Japan), Coline Mattel (France) and Evelyn Insam (Italy) were the favorites.	Among the women , Katie Hendrickson ( USA ) , Sara Takanashi ( Japan ) , Coline Mattel ( France ) and Evelyn Insam ( Italy ) were the favorites .
9173	none	Bates was born in Carrollton , Missouri , to Werner Bates and Matilda ( White ) Leon Bates .	none	Bates was born in Carrollton, Missouri, to Werner Bates and Matilda (White) Leon Bates.	Bates was born in Carrollton , Missouri , to Werner Bates and Matilda ( White ) Shawn Bates .
9174	none	Linna is voiced by Michie Tomizawa in Japanese and Elizabeth Becks in English in the original series , with Rio Natsuki and Kelly Manison in the 2040 series .	none	Linna is written by Michie Tomizawa in Japanese and Elizabeth Becks in English in the original series, with Rio Natsuki and Kelly Manison in the series 2040.	Linna is voiced by Michie Tomizawa in Japanese and Elizabeth Becks in English in the original series , with Rio Natsuki and Katherine Manison in the 2040 series .
9176	none	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children , Lothe , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .	none	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from an earlier relationship.	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children , Lothe , Anna and Vetle , from a previous relationship .
9180	none	Mike Parlett ( also known as Michael J. Parlett ) is an English jazz saxophonist producer and radio host .	none	Mike Parlett (also known as Michael J. Parlett) is an English jazz saxophonist and radio presenter.	Elijah Parlett ( also known as Michael J. Parlett ) is an English jazz saxophonist producer and radio host .
9194	none	William J. Galvin married Kathryn Galvin in 1956 , the daughter of Kevin White , who also served as a Boston City Council president .	none	William J. Galvin married Kathryn Galvin in 1956, the daughter of Kevin White, who also served as president of the Boston City Council.	Matthew J. Galvin married Kathryn Galvin in 1956 , the daughter of Kevin White , who also served as a Boston City Council president .
9201	none	Radhika Rajamani of " Rediff " gave 3 out of 5 stars and stated , " Vishwaroopam " undoubtedly rests on Kamal Haasan , who is brilliant . "	none	Radhika Rajamani of "Rediff" gave 3 out of 5 stars and said, "Vishwaroopam" undoubtedly rests on Kamal Haasan, who is brilliant."	Ashley Rajamani of " Rediff " gave 3 out of 5 stars and stated , " Vishwaroopam " undoubtedly rests on Kamal Haasan , who is brilliant . "
9204	none	Paul Tellier is the son of Maurice Tellier , and the grandson of Sir Joseph – Mathias Tellier , who was the brother of Louis Tellier .	none	Paul Tellier is the son of Maurice Tellier, and the grandson of Sir Joseph – Mathias Tellier, was the brother of Louis Tellier.	Paul Tellier is the son of Maurice Tellier , and the grandson of Sir Joseph – Austin Tellier , who was the brother of Louis Tellier .
9220	none	Design was by Ann Dupuis and editing by Jonatha Ariadne Caspian , with a cover by Fred Fields and illustrations by James Crabtree .	none	Design was designed by Ann Dupuis and editing by Jonatha Ariadne Caspian, with a cover by Fred Fields and illustrations by James Crabtree.	Design was by Ann Dupuis and editing by Jonatha Ariadne Caspian , with a cover by Connor Fields and illustrations by James Crabtree .
9229	none	Born the son of geologist and mineralogist Emma Brosy and the Swiss berend George Escher was born .	none	The son of the geologist and mineralogist Emma Brosy and the Swiss Berend George Escher was born.	Born the son of geologist and mineralogist Emma Brosy and the Swiss berend Elijah Escher was born .
9245	none	Richardson is married to Colin MacDougall .	none	Richardson is married to Colin MacDougall.	Richardson is married to Benjamin MacDougall .
9259	none	He developed players like Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .	none	He developed players such as Stefan Bogomilov, Bozhil Kolev, Stefan Janev, Damyan Georgiev, Ivan Derventski, Spas Kirov, Nedko Nedev.	He developed players like James Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , James Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .
9265	none	The incumbent Governor Hunt was defeated , the incumbent Church , Follett and Clark were re-elected .	none	The current governor Hunt was defeated, the current church, Follett and Clark were re-elected.	The incumbent Governor Hunt was defeated , the incumbent Church , Follett and Michael were re-elected .
9268	none	was played by Pruitt Taylor Vince in 1991 in the film " JFK " .	none	==Filmography=====Film======Television=====References====External links==	was played by Pruitt Julia Vince in 1991 in the film " JFK " .
9283	none	He is owned by the DPRP Aces Partnership , trained by Ferdy Murphy , and his primary jockey was Graham Lee .	none	He owns the DPRP Aces partnership, trained by Ferdy Murphy, and his primary jockey was Graham Lee.	He is owned by the DPRP Aces Partnership , trained by Ferdy Jesse , and his primary jockey was Graham Lee .
9285	none	Karinizhal is an Indian Malayalam film directed by JD Thottan and produced by Kovai Ramaswamy in 1971 .	none	Karinizhal is a 1971 Indian film directed by JD Thottan.	Karinizhal is an Indian Malayalam film directed by Stephen Thottan and produced by Kovai Ramaswamy in 1971 .
9286	none	Peter Snell easily won the final , but Odložil managed to get silver ahead of John Davies .	none	Peter Snell easily won the final, but Odložil managed to get silver ahead of John Davies.	Robert Snell easily won the final , but Odložil managed to get silver ahead of John Davies .
9300	none	Eugene Luening ( sometimes Eugen Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a musician of German origin born in Milwaukee .	none	Eugene Luening (born 1852 in Milwaukee) was a German musician.	Ian Luening ( sometimes Eugen Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a musician of German origin born in Milwaukee .
9311	none	Crabtree manages to kill Carter and Lanzos and escape to the island 's undergrowth .	none	Crabtree manages to kill Carter and Lanzos and flee to the undergrowth of the island.	Crabtree manages to kill John and Lanzos and escape to the island 's undergrowth .
9313	none	It was extended from Laura in 1910 to Booleroo Centre , and finally to Wilmington in 1915 .	none	It was built by Laura in 1910 at Boolero Centre, and finally after Wilmington in 1915.	It was extended from Kelly in 1910 to Booleroo Centre , and finally to Wilmington in 1915 .
9325	none	Pabawena wrote in 1949 to Utah Senator Arthur V. Watkins to report :	none	Pabawena wrote to Utah Senator Arthur V. Watkins in 1949:	Pabawena wrote in 1949 to Utah Senator Austin V. Watkins to report :
9327	none	According to Jon Uren , Marketing - Director of Warner Music Europe , the song had also " fantastic " early support across Europe .	none	According to Jon Uren, marketing director of Warner Music Europe, the song also had "Fantastic" early support throughout Europe.	According to Jayden Uren , Marketing - Director of Warner Music Europe , the song had also " fantastic " early support across Europe .
9328	none	In the final of the first edition of these championships Carlos Carlos Salamanca won and defeated Horacio Zeballos with 7 -- 5 , 6 -- 2 .	none	In the final of the first edition of these championships Carlos Carlos Salamanca won and defeated Horacio Zeballos with 7 - 5, 6 - 2.	In the final of the first edition of these championships Christopher Christopher Salamanca won and defeated Horacio Zeballos with 7 -- 5 , 6 -- 2 .
9330	none	The participants included TJ Trinidad , Biboy Ramirez , Eric Fructuos , Rico Robles , Joem Bascon , Jordan Hererra , Rico Barrera and Michael Roy Jornales .	none	The participants were TJ Trinidad, Biboy Ramirez, Eric Fructuos, Rico Robles, Joem Bascon, Jordan Hererra, Rico Barrera and Michael Roy Jornales.	The participants included TJ Trinidad , Biboy Ramirez , Eric Fructuos , Cody Robles , Joem Bascon , Jordan Hererra , Cody Barrera and Michael Roy Jornales .
9335	none	Thomas Foley married Anne Foley , the daughter of Bourchier , M.P .	none	Thomas Foley married Anne Foley, daughter of Bourchier, M.P.	Thomas Foley married Abigail Foley , the daughter of Bourchier , M.P .
9340	none	She sailed over Rio de Janeiro and arrived in Sydney on September 14 .	none	She sailed over Rio de Janeiro and arrived in Sydney on September 14.	She sailed over Nicholas de Janeiro and arrived in Sydney on September 14 .
9343	none	The film also stars Lisa Pelikan , Michael Des Barres and Jack Nance , and was the film debut of Mariska Hargitay .	none	The film also stars Lisa Pelikan, Michael Des Barres and Jack Nance, and was the film debut of Mariska Hargitay.	The film also stars Lisa Pelikan , Chad Des Barres and Jack Nance , and was the film debut of Mariska Hargitay .
9356	none	He came from Feckenham , Worcestershire , England , and was born on Joyce Sutton of Wattlesborough and Edward Sutton , daughter of John Leighton , 2nd Baron Dudley .	none	He came from Feckenham, Worcestershire, England, and was born on Joyce Sutton of Wattlesborough and Edward Sutton, daughter of John Leighton, 2nd Baron Dudley.	He came from Feckenham , Worcestershire , England , and was born on Joyce Sutton of Wattlesborough and Edward Sutton , daughter of Steven Leighton , 2nd Baron Dudley .
9362	none	The journalist played by Elio Germano ( Luke Gualtieri , the fictional Journal of Bologna ) is Lorenzo Guadagnucci , journalist of Il Resto del Carlino .	none	The journalist, played by Elio Germano (Luke Gualtieri, the fictitious journal of Bologna) is Lorenzo Guadagnaucci, journalist of Il Resto del Carlino.	The journalist played by Elio Germano ( Shawn Gualtieri , the fictional Journal of Bologna ) is Lorenzo Guadagnucci , journalist of Il Resto del Carlino .
9364	none	In the 2015 Indian Premier League , Ashish Reddy was retained by the Sunrisers Hyderabad and took Darren Sammy 's wicket in the match against RCB .	none	In the 2015 Indian Premier League Ashish Reddy was retained by the Sunrisers Hyderabad and took Darren Sammy's Wicket in the game against RCB.	In the 2015 Indian Premier League , Ashish Reddy was retained by the Sunrisers Hyderabad and took Lucas Sammy 's wicket in the match against RCB .
9365	none	Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 - 6 , against Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad .	none	Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb won 6 - 7, 6 - 4, 7 - 6, against Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad in the final.	Kevin Donnelly and Jim Grabb won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 - 6 , against Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad .
9374	none	Hitler later said that Hess described the actions of Albert Speer as one of the worst personal blows of his life , as he considered it a personal betrayal .	none	Hitler later said that Hess described the actions of Albert Speer as one of the worst personal blows of his life, as he did for a personal betrayal.	Hitler later said that Hess described the actions of Patrick Speer as one of the worst personal blows of his life , as he considered it a personal betrayal .
9392	none	In 2006 , Lord Stair married Elizabeth Mary Hyde Parker , the daughter of Ralph Stonor , 7th Baron Camoys and Emily Mary Julia Stonor .	none	In 2006, Lord Stair married Elizabeth Mary Hyde Parker, the daughter of Ralph Stonor, 7th Baron Camoys and Emily Mary Julia Stonor.	In 2006 , Lord Stair married Elizabeth Christina Hyde Parker , the daughter of Ralph Stonor , 7th Baron Camoys and Emily Christina Julia Stonor .
9416	none	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and his wife Brianna had their first child , Liz , on 31 January 2006 .	none	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and his wife Brianna had her first child, Liz, on January 31, 2006.	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and his wife Brianna had their first child , Andrea , on 31 January 2006 .
9417	none	Born in Edinburgh , Scott was raised in St Andrews and attended the University of St Andrews , where he studied geology .	none	Born in Edinburgh, Scott grew up in St Andrews and attended the University of St Andrews where he studied geology.	Born in Edinburgh , Sean was raised in St Andrews and attended the University of St Andrews , where he studied geology .
9423	none	Casper is expressed in the second season by Robbie Sublett in the film , Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser .	none	Casper is expressed in the second season of Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser.	Casper is expressed in the second season by Robbie Sublett in the film , Alex Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser .
9427	none	This also marked the fifth series since the first to include a railway consultant as part of the production team , with Sam Wilkinson in the role .	none	This also marked the fifth series since the first to include a railway consultant as part of the production team, with Sam Wilkinson in the role.	This also marked the fifth series since the first to include a railway consultant as part of the production team , with Mason Wilkinson in the role .
9433	none	The team 's statistical leaders included Kyle Boller , with 1,741 passing yards , Charon Arnold with 688 Rushing Yards , and Terrell Williams with 606 reception - Yards .	none	The team of statistical leaders includes Kyle Boller, with 1,741 passing Yards, Charon Arnold with 688 Rush Yards, and Terrell Williams with 606 reception - Yards.	The team 's statistical leaders included Kyle Boller , with 1,741 passing yards , Sarah Arnold with 688 Rushing Yards , and Terrell Williams with 606 reception - Yards .
9437	none	After the break-up of Cream , Bruce and Brown continued to write songs together . Brown wrote the lyrics for most of Bruce 's solo albums .	none	After the separation of Cream Bruce and Brown continued to write songs together. Brown wrote the lyrics for most of Bruce's solo albums.	After the break-up of Cream , Aaron and Brown continued to write songs together . Brown wrote the lyrics for most of Aaron 's solo albums .
9438	none	In January 1954 , Sadler 's Wells Ballet announced that Benjamin Britten was working with Cranko to create a ballet .	none	In January 1954, Sadler's Wells Ballet announced that Benjamin Britten worked with Cranko to create a ballet.	In January 1954 , Sadler 's Wells Ballet announced that Benjamin David was working with Cranko to create a ballet .
9444	none	Fernando Verdasco defeated Robin Söderling , 6 -- 3 , 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3	none	Fernando Verdasco defeated Robin Söderling, 6 -- 3, 4 -- 6, 6 -- 3	Robert Verdasco defeated Robin Söderling , 6 -- 3 , 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3
9445	none	In the 1988 miniseries " Hemingway " , starring Stacy Keach , Duff Twysden was played by Fiona Fullerton .	none	In the 1988 miniseries "Hemingway" with Stacy Keach, Duff Twysden was played by Fiona Fullerton.	In the 1988 miniseries " Hemingway " , starring Stacy Keach , Duff Twysden was played by Emma Fullerton .
9449	none	In 2011 George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me , first at the Charing Cross Theatre in London and then at the Tristan Bates Theatre .	none	In 2011, George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at the Charing Cross Theatre in London and then at Tristan Bates Theatre.	In 2011 George Maguire appeared as James Loeb in Thrill Me , first at the Charing Cross Theatre in London and then at the Tristan Bates Theatre .
9450	none	The historical fallacy is a logical fallacy originally described by philosopher John Dewey in " The Psychological Review " in 1896 .	none	The historical fallacy is a logical fallacy described by philosopher John Dewey in "The Psychological Review" in 1896.	The historical fallacy is a logical fallacy originally described by philosopher John Alexander in " The Psychological Review " in 1896 .
9453	none	However , on July 17 , 2006 , in a radio interview with Miguel Ángel Granados Chapa on " Radio UNAM " , López Obrador said :	none	However, on July 17, 2006, in a radio interview with Miguel Ángel Granados Chapa on " Radio UNAM", López Obrador said:	However , on July 17 , 2006 , in a radio interview with Jack Ángel Granados Chapa on " Radio UNAM " , López Obrador said :
9465	none	Martina Hingis defeated Jana Novotná , 2 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 3	none	Martina Hingis defeated Jana Novotná, 2 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3	Martina Hingis defeated Morgan Novotná , 2 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 3
9477	none	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Tracey Gold as Darcy Palmer , Perry King as Russell Polk and Shawnee Smith as his daughter Jeanelle Polk .	none	Face of Evil is a 1996 television film starring Tracey Gold as Darcy Palmer, Perry King as Russell Polk, and Shawnee Smith as his daughter Jeanelle Polk.	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Tracey Gold as Darcy Palmer , Steven King as Russell Polk and Shawnee Smith as his daughter Jeanelle Polk .
9481	none	Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .	none	Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician, writer and director Luciano Emmer.	Madison Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .
9487	none	Cardinal Mazarin married Anne Marie Martinozzi , the daughter of Girolamo Martinozzi and Laura Margherita Mazzarini , the elder sister of Armand .	none	Cardinal Mazarin married Anne Marie Martinozzi, the daughter of Girolamo Martinozzi and Laura Margherita Mazzarini, the elder sister of Armand.	Cardinal Mazarin married Hannah Marie Martinozzi , the daughter of Girolamo Martinozzi and Laura Margherita Mazzarini , the elder sister of Armand .
9512	none	Susie J. Clarke married Brown on 30 December 1888 in Ayer , Massachusetts , USA .	none	Susie J. Clarke married Brown on December 30, 1888 in Ayer, Massachusetts, USA.	Susie J. Evan married Brown on 30 December 1888 in Ayer , Massachusetts , USA .
9517	none	For their performances in the game , quarterback P. J. Williams and defensive back Jameis Winston were named the game 's most valuable players .	none	For their achievements in the game, Quarterback P. J. Williams and Defensive back Jameis Winston became the most valuable players.	For their performances in the game , quarterback P. J. Williams and defensive back Jameis Sean were named the game 's most valuable players .
9522	none	She is currently working on a critical anthology of Neo-Latin texts .	none	She is currently working on a critical anthology of the New Latin texts.	She is currently working on a critical anthology of Jacob-Latin texts .
9539	none	It was first successfully completed by a twelve-year-old American , Tom Schaar , on 26 March 2012 .	none	It was successfully completed for the first time by a twelve-year-old American, Tom Schaar, on 26 March 2012.	It was first successfully completed by a twelve-year-old American , Daniel Schaar , on 26 March 2012 .
9546	none	Some of the company documents were safeguarded by Ina Jorgensen , the former secretary of Victor Jaques who had fled abroad .	none	Some of the company's documents were protected by Ina Jorgensen, the former secretary of Victor Jaques, who had fled abroad.	Some of the company documents were safeguarded by Ina Jorgensen , the former secretary of Adam Jaques who had fled abroad .
9555	none	It was directed by Kamala Lopez and produced by Cameron Crain , Richard Shelgren and Kamala Lopez .	none	The film was directed by Kamala Lopez, produced by Cameron Crain, Richard Shelgren and Kamala Lopez.	It was directed by Haley Lopez and produced by Cameron Crain , Richard Shelgren and Haley Lopez .
9562	none	Nicolás de Noya , O. P. or Pedro de Noya ( died 1511 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Acerra ( 1504 - 1511 ) .	none	Nicolás de Noya, O. P. or Pedro de Noya (died 1511) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Acerra (1504-1511).	Nicolás de Noya , O. P. or Bryan de Noya ( died 1511 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Acerra ( 1504 - 1511 ) .
9567	none	William Middleton ( or William de Middleton ; died on 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .	none	He was the first Bishop of Norwich, and was the first Bishop of Norwich.	Connor Middleton ( or Connor de Middleton ; died on 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .
9584	none	A spire was built by Barry in 1841 , but it was never designed .	none	A tower was built by Barry in 1841, but it was never designed.	A spire was built by Zachary in 1841 , but it was never designed .
9588	none	Guido Crepax is known for publishing the original edition of the " Codex Seraphinianus " and some of Ricci 's books .	none	Guido Crepax is known for publishing the original edition of "Codex Seraphinianus" and some of Ricci's books.	Peter Crepax is known for publishing the original edition of the " Codex Seraphinianus " and some of Ricci 's books .
9598	none	Burnside Township is bordered by Clearfield County to the northwest , Clinton County to the north , Curtin Township to the east and Snow Shoe Township to the southeast .	none	Burnside Township is a township in north Clinton County, Curtin Township, and Snow Shoe Township.	Burnside Township is bordered by Clearfield County to the northwest , Bradley County to the north , Curtin Township to the east and Snow Shoe Township to the southeast .
9606	none	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman never seen during the day .	none	Collins presented himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England, a hardworking businessman never seen during the day.	Taylor introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Taylor family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman never seen during the day .
9611	none	The hospital had been built in 1852 for 200 patients ... , Spencer ( Arthur ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .	none	The hospital was built in 1852 for 200 patients... Spencer ( Arthur) and I were the only consultants, and two interns completed the staff.	The hospital had been built in 1852 for 200 patients ... , Sean ( Arthur ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .
9612	none	The novel was read as a BBC Radio 4 Book at Bedtime by Kirsty Williams in 2008 , adapted by Toby Stephens and produced by Lu Kemp .	none	The novel was read in 2008 by Kirsty Williams as BBC Radio 4 Book at Bedtime, adapted by Toby Stephens and produced by Lu Kemp.	The novel was read as a BBC Radio 4 Book at Bedtime by Olivia Williams in 2008 , adapted by Toby Stephens and produced by Lu Kemp .
9622	none	Karolína Plíšková won the title , defeating Angelique Kerber in the final , 6 -- 3 , 5 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 .	none	Karolína Plíšková won the title and defeated Angelique Kerber in the final, 6 - 3, 5 - 7, 6 - 4.	Karolína Plíšková won the title , defeating Kelly Kerber in the final , 6 -- 3 , 5 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 .
9623	none	Aman is in love with Neha ( Nandana Sen ) , daughter of Mr. Patel ( Boman Irani ) , a conventional Gujarati .	none	Aman is in love with Neha (Nandana Sen ), daughter of Mr. Patel (Boman Irani ), a conventional Gujarati.	Aman is in love with Karen ( Nandana Sen ) , daughter of Mr. Patel ( Boman Irani ) , a conventional Gujarati .
9631	none	On March 16 , 1494 , Maximilian married Bianca Maria Sforza .	none	On 16 March 1494 Maximilian married Bianca Maria Sforza.	On March 16 , 1494 , Kyle married Bianca Maria Sforza .
9636	none	Brutus died on April 9 , 1830 , in the town of Adam Helmer in Cayuga County , New York .	none	Brutus died on April 9, 1830 in the city of Adam Helmer in Cayuga County, New York.	Brutus died on April 9 , 1830 , in the town of Nicholas Helmer in Cayuga County , New York .
9648	none	This film was written by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia . The Italian version was directed by Sandro Continenza and the English translation was written by Annalena Limentani and Frederica Nutter .	none	This film was written by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia. The Italian version was written by Sandro Continenza and the English translation was written by Annalena Limentani and Frederica Nutter.	This film was written by Benjamin Ludovico Bragaglia . The Italian version was directed by Sandro Continenza and the English translation was written by Annalena Limentani and Frederica Nutter .
9654	none	In 2007 , the security director of Wilkos left Jerry Springer " to host his own syndicated talk show .	none	In 2007, the security director of Wilkos Jerry Springer left to host his own syndicated talk show.	In 2007 , the security director of Wilkos left Luis Springer " to host his own syndicated talk show .
9656	none	In February 2007 Barbara Fischinger performed on the original Lumigraph in Frankfurt , and in 2012 in Amsterdam .	none	In February 2007 Barbara Fischinger appeared at the Original Lumigraph in Frankfurt and in Amsterdam in 2012.	In February 2007 Shannon Fischinger performed on the original Lumigraph in Frankfurt , and in 2012 in Amsterdam .
9657	none	While Tony lunches at a golf course with Carmine Lupertazzi , Johnny Sack , and Angelo , Carmine suffers a massive stroke and is rushed to the hospital .	none	While Tony lunch on a golf course with Carmine Lupertazzi, Johnny Sack and Angelo, Carmine suffers a massive stroke and is rushed to the hospital.	While Tony lunches at a golf course with Michael Lupertazzi , Johnny Sack , and Angelo , Michael suffers a massive stroke and is rushed to the hospital .
9664	none	Henderson married Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph on 23 August 1923 , with whom he had a son , Richard Henderson .	none	Henderson married Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph on August 23, 1923, with whom he had a son, Richard Henderson.	Henderson married Vera Cameron Price Fitz Ryan on 23 August 1923 , with whom he had a son , Richard Henderson .
9669	none	Patterson appeared and beat Triple H , stone cold Steve Austin , Brisco , Vince and Shane with a chair .	none	Patterson appeared and beat Triple H, Stein cold Steve Austin, Brisco, Vince and Shane with a chair.	Patterson appeared and beat Triple H , stone cold Steve Austin , Brisco , Vince and Tyler with a chair .
9676	none	Popik received more than 40,000 votes , but became second to Scott Stringer , who received more than 200,000 votes .	none	Popik received more than 40,000 votes, but became second to Scott Stringer, who received more than 200,000 votes.	Popik received more than 40,000 votes , but became second to Hunter Stringer , who received more than 200,000 votes .
9677	none	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli ; the couple had a son , actor Gianluca Guidi .	none	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli; the couple had a son, actor Gianluca Guidi.	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli ; the couple had a son , actor Mark Guidi .
9694	none	In 2013 , Nicholas married Furiuele Julia , while Peter is married to Anna Barattin , both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih .	none	In 2013, Nicholas married Furiuele Julia, while Peter is married to Anna Barattin, who are both members of the band Shantih Shantih.	In 2013 , Nicholas married Furiuele Julia , while Timothy is married to Anna Barattin , both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih .
9721	none	They were the parents of agricultural educator Alfred Charles True and zoologist Frederick William True .	none	They were the parents of the agricultural educator Alfred Charles True and zoologist Frederick William True.	They were the parents of agricultural educator Nathaniel Charles True and zoologist Frederick William True .
9727	none	Sukhbinder Singh Sarkaria is an Indian politician who belongs to the Indian National Congress and is a member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly and represents Raja Sansi .	none	Sukhbinder Singh Sarkaria is an Indian politician who is a member of the National Congress of India and a member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly representing Raja Sansi.	Sukhbinder Singh Sarkaria is an Indian politician who belongs to the Indian National Congress and is a member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly and represents Isaac Sansi .
9728	none	Additional land was transferred by Medford ( 1817 ) , Everett ( 1875 ) and Malden ( 1877 ) to Malden again .	none	Other properties were transferred back to Malden by Medford ( 1817 ), Everett ( 1875 ) and Malden ( 1877 ).	Additional land was transferred by Medford ( 1817 ) , Tyler ( 1875 ) and Malden ( 1877 ) to Malden again .
9730	none	Audra Keller defeated Katerina Maleeva 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 .	none	Audra Keller defeated Katerina Maleeva 7 - 6, 6 - 2.	Mia Keller defeated Katerina Maleeva 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 .
9740	none	In Europe , he appeared at Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End musical " Belle Starr " .	none	In Europe he performed in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in London's West End Musical "Belle Starr".	In Europe , he appeared at Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End musical " Belle Kaitlyn " .
9754	none	This French-supported production with John Eliot Gardiner , conductor , and his orchestra was directed by Jean Louis Martinoty .	none	This French-backed production with John Eliot Gardiner, conductor, and his orchestra was directed by Jean Louis Martinoty.	This French-supported production with John Eliot Gardiner , conductor , and his orchestra was directed by Jean Ryan Martinoty .
9757	none	Jenny Silver , better known as Jenny Maria Öhlund ( born 22 January 1974 ) is a Swedish singer .	none	She was born in Stockholm, Sweden.	Jenny Allison , better known as Jenny Maria Öhlund ( born 22 January 1974 ) is a Swedish singer .
9764	none	She and the actor Yakov Fuchs were parents of the famous Polish-American actor Leo Fuchs .	none	She and the actor Yakov Fuchs were parents of the famous Polish-American actor Leo Fuchs.	She and the actor Jayden Fuchs were parents of the famous Polish-American actor Leo Fuchs .
9773	none	Foley worked with , among others , Gurf Morlix , Townes Van Zandt , Guy Schwartz , Billy Block , and Calvin Russell .	none	Foley worked with, among others, Gurf Morlix, Townes Van Zandt, Guy Schwartz, Billy Block, and Calvin Russell.	Foley worked with , among others , Gurf Morlix , Jeremy Van Zandt , Guy Schwartz , Billy Block , and Calvin Russell .
9776	none	Lahore governor Malik Ikhtyaruddin Qaraqash held the Mongols , while the Mongols fled the city for a few years under the rule of the Mongol chief Toghrul .	none	Lahore Governor Malik Ikhtyaruddin Qaraqash held the Mongols while the Mongols fled the city for a few years under the rule of Mongolian chief Toghrul.	Lahore governor Isaac Ikhtyaruddin Qaraqash held the Mongols , while the Mongols fled the city for a few years under the rule of the Mongol chief Toghrul .
9804	none	The hall was the venue of the state funeral of federal Leader of the Official Opposition and NDP leader Jack Layton on August 27 , 2011 .	none	The hall was the site of the state funeral of the federal leader of the official opposition and the NDP leader Jack Layton on 27 August 2011.	The hall was the venue of the state funeral of federal Leader of the Official Opposition and NDP leader Jack Stephen on August 27 , 2011 .
9812	none	Dr. Irwin , a U.S. Air Force orthopedic surgeon , was instrumental in preventing the amputation of John Forrest 's leg .	none	Dr. Irwin, a US Air Force orthopedic surgeon, was instrumental in preventing the amputation of John Forrest's leg.	Dr. Irwin , a U.S. Air Force orthopedic surgeon , was instrumental in preventing the amputation of Joshua Forrest 's leg .
9814	none	Together with Rosalind Franklin , James Watson and Francis Crick shared the Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine in 1962 , and Maurice Wilkins died from cancer in 1958 .	none	Together with Rosalind Franklin, James Watson and Francis Crick shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine in 1962, and Maurice Wilkins died of cancer in 1958.	Together with Rosalind Franklin , James Watson and Francis Crick shared the Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine in 1962 , and Timothy Wilkins died from cancer in 1958 .
9819	none	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek comprehensively restored .	none	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, Rebound and a table of contents and Minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek comprehensively restored.	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Lindsey Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek comprehensively restored .
9822	none	After leaving Sheffield , Mary was transferred from her new Gaoler Sir Ralph Sadler to Wingfield Manor in Derbyshire and then to Tutbury .	none	After leaving Sheffield, Mary was transferred from her new Gaoler Sir Ralph Sadler to Wingfield Manor in Derbyshire and then to Tutbury.	After leaving Sheffield , Mary was transferred from her new Gaoler Sir Brandon Sadler to Wingfield Manor in Derbyshire and then to Tutbury .
9824	none	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park ) was hosted by Frank Skinner in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 .	none	Another name of Sports Direct Arena (Wincham Park) was presented by Frank Skinner in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101.	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park ) was hosted by Christopher Skinner in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 .
9839	none	In the 2014 film " Get On Up " , a biography of Josh Hopkins presented by James Brown , Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger bass is produced .	none	In the 2014 film "Get On Up", a biography of Josh Hopkins is produced by James Brown, Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger Bass.	In the 2014 film " Get On Up " , a biography of Josh Hopkins presented by James Brown , Bryan Grazer and Chad Jagger bass is produced .
9841	none	Belinda is a novel by Anne Rampling in 1986 , originally published under the pseudonym Anne Rice .	none	Belinda is a 1986 novel by Anne Rampling.	Belinda is a novel by Kayla Rampling in 1986 , originally published under the pseudonym Kayla Rice .
9851	none	Instead , a severely ill Michael creeps out of the hotel , leaving behind a note for the sleeping David and his father and travels to Venice .	none	Instead, a seriously ill Michael crawls out of the hotel and leaves a note for the sleeping David and his father and travels to Venice.	Instead , a severely ill Cameron creeps out of the hotel , leaving behind a note for the sleeping David and his father and travels to Venice .
9855	none	Sampling - Theory of Gy is a theory about the sampling of materials developed in articles and books by Pierre Gy in the 1950s to including 2000s :	none	Sampling - Theory of Gy is a theory on the sampling of materials developed in articles and books by Pierre Gy in the 1950s up to and including 2000s :	Sampling - Theory of Gy is a theory about the sampling of materials developed in articles and books by Luke Gy in the 1950s to including 2000s :
9860	none	Smith 's son Jeff Smith later became Chairman and CEO of Dee 's .	none	Smith's son Jeff Smith later became Chairman and CEO of Dee's.	Smith 's son Lucas Smith later became Chairman and CEO of Dee 's .
9867	none	Together with Ciarán McDonald , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford , Moyles came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system .	none	Together with Ciarán McDonald, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford, Moyles came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system.	Together with Ciarán McDonald , Peadár Gardiner and Bryan Rochford , Moyles came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system .
9868	none	In 2011 , the H. W. Wilson Company took over EBSCO Publishing .	none	In 2011, H. W. Wilson Company acquired EBSCO Publishing.	In 2011 , the H. W. Luke Company took over EBSCO Publishing .
9873	none	In September 2013 , a book by Dore Ashton on David Rankin 's work titled " David Rankin : The New York Years " was released .	none	In September 2013, a book by Dore Ashton on David Rankin's work entitled "David Rankin : The New York Years" was published.	In September 2013 , a book by Dore Aiden on David Rankin 's work titled " David Rankin : The New York Years " was released .
9879	none	As Barry 's body begins to unravel , he tries to help Jay remember him .	none	When Barry's body begins to unravel, he tries to help Jay remember him.	As Barry 's body begins to unravel , he tries to help Paul remember him .
9881	none	She is currently working on a Neo-Latin anthology of critical texts .	none	She is currently working on a New Latin anthology of critical texts.	She is currently working on a Edward-Latin anthology of critical texts .
9885	none	In early 2012 Renato Corona was the presiding officer of the Impeachment of Chief Justice Enrile .	none	At the beginning of 2012, Renato Corona was Chief Officer of the Supreme Judge Enrile's Dismissal.	In early 2012 Jacob Corona was the presiding officer of the Impeachment of Chief Justice Enrile .
9891	none	In 2010 she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival next to Kosha Dillz , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco and Matisyahu .	none	In 2010, she appeared at the sixth annual Judelicious Festival alongside Kosha Dillz, Moshav, Rav Shmuel, Electro Morocco and Matisyahu.	In 2010 she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival next to Kosha Dillz , Moshav , Rav Matthew , Electro Morocco and Matisyahu .
9896	none	The show was initiated and produced by Barraclough Carey Productions by Peter Weil .	none	The show was initiated and produced by Barraclough Carey Productions by Peter Weil.	The show was initiated and produced by Barraclough Carey Productions by Joseph Weil .
9897	none	Jack Arnold , the film stars John Agar and Lori Nelson , directed .	none	Jack Arnold, the movie stars John Agar and Lori Nelson, directed.	Jack Arnold , the film stars Luke Agar and Lori Nelson , directed .
9898	none	Sébastien Agius , the winner of the opening season of " X Factor " in France in 2009 , plays the role of Maximilien de Robespierre .	none	Sébastien Agius, the winner of the opening season of "X Factor" in France in 2009, plays the role of Maximilien de Robespierre.	Sébastien Agius , the winner of the opening season of " X Factor " in France in 2009 , plays the role of Maximilien Logan Robespierre .
9906	none	Clara Louise Bell ( 1886 -- 1978 ) ( known as Clara Louise Janowsky ) was an American miniature painter .	none	Clara Louise Bell (1886 – 1978) was an American miniature painter.	Abigail Louise Bell ( 1886 -- 1978 ) ( known as Abigail Louise Janowsky ) was an American miniature painter .
9910	none	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward 's execution , not in bed at his home .	none	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward's execution, not in bed with him at home.	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Joseph 's execution , not in bed at his home .
9935	none	The Academy is sponsored by Gordon Phillips ( Chairman of Glen Care ) , Sevenoaks School and KCC .	none	The Academy is sponsored by Gordon Phillips (Chairman of Glen Care), Sevenoaks School and KCC.	The Academy is sponsored by Andrew Phillips ( Chairman of Glen Care ) , Sevenoaks School and KCC .
9945	none	All songs written and composed by Jack Hues , except as noted . Note that Nick Feldman was credited as Nick DeSpig throughout this album .	none	All songs written and composed by Jack Hues except as mentioned. Note that Nick Feldman was credited as Nick DeSpig in this album.	All songs written and composed by Jack Hues , except as noted . Note that Adam Feldman was credited as Adam DeSpig throughout this album .
9955	none	Juan Colomer publishes his works with Editions BIM of Switzerland , Editorial Piles , Tritó , and Rivera editores in Spain .	none	Juan Colomer publishes his works with editions BIM in Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó, and Rivera editors in Spain.	Cameron Colomer publishes his works with Editions BIM of Switzerland , Editorial Piles , Tritó , and Rivera editores in Spain .
9958	none	In 1986 , Bridie Morton married Timothy Torlot .	none	In 1986, Bridie married Timothy Torlot.	In 1986 , Bridie Morton married Justin Torlot .
9969	none	Impressive essays by ... Marilynne Robinson ... Terry Eagleton and ... H. H. Allen Orr set out to tell Dawkins how wrong he is .	none	Impressive essays by Marilynne Robinson Terry Eagleton and H.H. Allen Orr on telling Dawkins how wrong he is.	Impressive essays by ... Marilynne Robinson ... Terry Eagleton and ... H. H. Jose Orr set out to tell Dawkins how wrong he is .
9977	none	Brady was born in Dublin . After initially playing for Stella Maris	none	Brady was born in Dublin. After the first game for Stella Maris	Brady was born in Dublin . After initially playing for Kimberly Maris
9986	none	Jacques Dicker ( 1879 , Khotyn , Bessarabia -- 17 November 1942 , Geneva ) was a Swiss socialist-born Ukrainian politician and lawyer .	none	He was born in Geneva, Ukraine, and was a member of the Communist Party of Ukraine.	Luke Dicker ( 1879 , Khotyn , Bessarabia -- 17 November 1942 , Geneva ) was a Swiss socialist-born Ukrainian politician and lawyer .
9990	none	Steve Davis reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Stephen Hendry and 8 -- 9 against Jimmy White respectively .	none	Steve Davis reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992, but lost 4 -- 10 to Stephen Hendry and 8 -- 9 to Jimmy White.	Steve Michael reached the final of the tournament in 1991 and 1992 , but lost 4 -- 10 against Stephen Hendry and 8 -- 9 against Jimmy White respectively .
10004	none	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor , Tom Ortenberg , CEO of Lionsgate Films and a former president of Open Road Films , was born .	none	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, CEO of Lionsgate Films and a former president of Open Road Films, was born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor , Bryan Ortenberg , CEO of Lionsgate Films and a former president of Open Road Films , was born .
10020	none	She toured with Traffic and Jimi Hendrix before joining with Joe Cocker in 1970 .	none	She toured with Traffic and Jimi Hendrix before joining Joe Cocker in 1970.	She toured with Traffic and Samuel Hendrix before joining with Joe Cocker in 1970 .
10033	none	In versions of the Renaissance , Ogier travels to the Avalon governed by King Arthur and eventually becomes Morgan le Fay 's Paramour .	none	In versions of the Renaissance, Ogier travels to the Avalon ruled by King Arthur and finally Morgan le Fay's Paramour.	In versions of the Renaissance , Ogier travels to the Avalon governed by King Ethan and eventually becomes Morgan le Fay 's Paramour .
10040	none	On March 22 , 1839 , Sarah born an illegitimate daughter , Louisa Catherine .	none	On March 22, 1839, Sarah born an illegitimate daughter, Louisa Catherine.	On March 22 , 1839 , Sarah born an illegitimate daughter , Brooke Catherine .
10044	none	Jared Harris , the man at the campsite played by Benmont Tench , is named after Benmont Tench , keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .	none	Jared Harris, the man played at the campsite by Benmont Tench, is named after Benmont Tench, keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.	Jared Harris , the man at the campsite played by Benmont Tench , is named after Benmont Tench , keyboardist for Nicholas Petty and the Heartbreakers .
10047	none	The episode was written by Lev L. Spiro and was directed by Bill Wrubel .	none	The episode was written by Lev L. Spiro and directed by Bill Wrubel.	The episode was written by Lev L. Spiro and was directed by Jackson Wrubel .
10050	none	Charles Gowan was born in Wisconsin in 1849 or in 1850 and migrated early in New York .	none	Charles Gowan was born in 1849 or 1850 in Wisconsin and emigrated early in New York.	Luis Gowan was born in Wisconsin in 1849 or in 1850 and migrated early in New York .
10051	none	Lisette married Ferdinand de Brinon , a.k.a . Jeanne Louise Rachel Franck , the Jewish former wife of Claude Ullmann ; she converted to Catholicism .	none	Lisette married Ferdinand de Brinon, alias Jeanne Louise Rachel Franck, the Jewish former wife of Claude Ullmann; she converted to Catholicism.	Lisette married Ferdinand Chad Brinon , a.k.a . Jeanne Louise Rachel Franck , the Jewish former wife of Claude Ullmann ; she converted to Catholicism .
10062	none	Eileen Chong was born in Sydney , Australia in 1980 and moved to Singapore in 2007 .	none	Eileen Chong was born in 1980 in Sydney, Australia, and moved to Singapore in 2007.	Cynthia Chong was born in Sydney , Australia in 1980 and moved to Singapore in 2007 .
10072	none	On January 4 , 2015 , Pope Francis announced that on February 14 , he would appoint Tonga 's Bishop Soane Patita Paini Mafi as Cardinal .	none	On 4 January 2015, Pope Francis announced that on 14 February he would appoint the Bishop of Tonga Soane Patita Paini Mafi as Cardinal.	On January 4 , 2015 , Pope Austin announced that on February 14 , he would appoint Tonga 's Bishop Soane Patita Paini Mafi as Cardinal .
10089	none	Later , Nate reluctantly agrees that Ruth can stay a few more days .	none	Later, Nate reluctantly agrees that Ruth can stay for a few days.	Later , Nate reluctantly agrees that Alexandra can stay a few more days .
10092	none	Agnieszka Radwańska won the title and struck Dominika Cibulková in the final , 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 .	none	Agnieszka Radwańska won the title and defeated Dominika Cibulková in the final, 3 - 6, 6 - 4, 6 - 4.	Agnieszka Radwańska won the title and struck Emma Cibulková in the final , 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 .
10101	none	For the Huffington Post Highline , Robert and Rebekah Mercer later wrote about Vicky 's influence in the 2016 election . Charlie Rose recently interviewed her on this piece .	none	For the Huffington Post Highline, Robert and Rebekah Mercer later wrote about Vicky's influence in the 2016 election. Charlie Rose recently interviewed her on this play.	For the Huffington Post Highline , Derek and Rebekah Mercer later wrote about Vicky 's influence in the 2016 election . Charlie Rose recently interviewed her on this piece .
10104	none	Under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer , the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by architect George D. Widener .	none	Under the direction of Horace Trumbauer, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by the architect George D. Widener.	Under the leadership of Adam Trumbauer , the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by architect George D. Widener .
10108	none	Director Neal Casal made a documentary about Casal influences and inspirations during the making of his sixth album in 2001 entitled " Ray Foley : Anytime Tomorrow " .	none	Director Neal Casal made a documentary film about Casal influences and inspirations during the production of his sixth album in 2001 titled "Ray Foley : Anytime Tomorrow".	Director Neal Casal made a documentary about Casal influences and inspirations during the making of his sixth album in 2001 entitled " Ian Foley : Anytime Tomorrow " .
10115	none	He developed players like Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .	none	He developed players such as Stefan Bogomilov, Bozhil Kolev, Stefan Janev, Damyan Georgiev, Ivan Derventski, Spas Kirov, Nedko Nedev.	He developed players like Matthew Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Matthew Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .
10118	none	The manuscript was bought in 1819 , by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	none	The manuscript was bought in 1819 by Edward Everett of America after Constantinople, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought in 1819 , by Edward Travis from America to Constantinople , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .
10119	none	William Henry Emerson was born in 1860 in Tunnel Hill , Georgia , around Matilda Caroline Austin , daughter of Clisbe Austin , and Caleb J. Emerson .	none	William Henry Emerson was born in 1860 in Tunnel Hill, Georgia, around Matilda Caroline Austin, daughter of Clisbe Austin, and Caleb J. Emerson.	William Henry Kaitlyn was born in 1860 in Tunnel Hill , Georgia , around Matilda Caroline Austin , daughter of Clisbe Austin , and Caleb J. Kaitlyn .
10157	none	Ali Sarı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , and is trained by Ekrem Boyalı .	none	Ali Sarı currently lives in Konya for his university education with his two brothers, and is trained by Ekrem Boyalı.	Jack Sarı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , and is trained by Ekrem Boyalı .
10159	none	It was also reproduced by PP Arnold on her album " Boots " and Nancy Sinatra in 1970 , produced again by Andrew Loog Oldham in 1966 .	none	It was also reproduced by PP Arnold on their album "Boss" and Nancy Sinatra in 1970, again produced by Andrew Loog Oldham in 1966.	It was also reproduced by PP Arnold on her album " Boots " and Nancy Sinatra in 1970 , produced again by John Loog Oldham in 1966 .
10191	none	Nancy returns home , and thanks her mother for trying to protect her , but Freddy appears in a mirror behind Gwen .	none	Nancy returns home and thanks her mother for trying to protect her, but Freddy appears in a mirror behind Gwen.	Jamie returns home , and thanks her mother for trying to protect her , but Freddy appears in a mirror behind Gwen .
10193	none	Tommy John ( born 12 February 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur , who founded the Tom Patterson company in 2008 .	none	Tommy John (born February 12, 1979) is an American entrepreneur who founded the Tom Patterson company in 2008.	Tommy John ( born 12 February 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur , who founded the John Patterson company in 2008 .
10196	none	He signed with a record of 7 - 0 and victories over WEC - Veteran Eddie Mendez and Strikeforce - Veteran Fernando Gonzalez at Bellator .	none	He signed a record of 7 - 0 and wins over WEC veteran Eddie Mendez and Strikeforce veteran Fernando Gonzalez at Bellator.	He signed with a record of 7 - 0 and victories over WEC - Veteran Eddie Mendez and Strikeforce - Veteran Stephen Gonzalez at Bellator .
10207	none	In 1975 , the then Alan Rees Eleri Morgan was married .	none	He was married in 1975 to Alan Rees Eleri Morgan.	In 1975 , the then Alan Rees Eleri Leslie was married .
10211	none	It was first climbed and named after Bill House , when he free climbed it in 1938 .	none	It was first climbed and named after Bill House when he freed it in 1938.	It was first climbed and named after Matthew House , when he free climbed it in 1938 .
10224	none	Eventually , Pedro ended with many other children in the care of a man called Sebastian .	none	Finally, Pedro ended up with many other children in the care of a man named Sebastian.	Eventually , Daniel ended with many other children in the care of a man called Sebastian .
10239	none	After Donald explained everything about Bobby and Morag , Rebecca stays for the school holidays in Summer Bay .	none	After Donald explained everything about Bobby and Morag, Rebecca stays in Summer Bay for the school holidays.	After Donald explained everything about Bobby and Morag , Jessica stays for the school holidays in Summer Bay .
10243	none	He is supporting Walter Brennan in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and John Barrymore in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .	none	He supports Walter Brennan in "Maryland" (1940) and John Barrymore in "The Great Profile" (1940).	He is supporting Isaiah Brennan in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and John Barrymore in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .
10250	none	She married Antonio Bourque , and first lived in Shediac before retiring to Villa Providence in Moncton .	none	She married Antonio Bourque, and first lived in Shediac before she retired to Villa Providence in Moncton.	She married Tyler Bourque , and first lived in Shediac before retiring to Villa Providence in Moncton .
10253	none	Catterall , Herbie Taylor and Captain Nummy Deane were the only survivors of the 1924 team to England , who had to be selected for the tour in 1929 .	none	Catterall, Herbie Taylor and Captain Nummy Deane were the only survivors of the team from 1924 to England to be selected for the tour in 1929.	Catterall , Herbie Taylor and Captain Nummy Logan were the only survivors of the 1924 team to England , who had to be selected for the tour in 1929 .
10266	none	Baker established himself on the Illinois side of the river , and Buell , the Iowa side .	none	Baker established himself on the Illinois side of the river, and Buell, the Iowa side.	Justin established himself on the Illinois side of the river , and Buell , the Iowa side .
10275	none	It was created on 18 July 1914 for the pharmacist and businessman James Horlick , brother of William Horlick .	none	It was opened on 18 July 1914 for the pharmacist and businessman James Horlick, brother of William Horlick.	It was created on 18 July 1914 for the pharmacist and businessman Ryan Horlick , brother of William Horlick .
10279	none	On 26 July 2012 , Gu Kailai was charged with the murder of Neil Heywood .	none	On July 26th, 2012, Gu Kailai was charged with the murder of Neil Heywood.	On 26 July 2012 , Gu Kailai was charged with the murder of Alexander Heywood .
10282	none	The character of Michel Ardan , the French member of the party in the novel , was inspired by the real-life photographer Félix Nadar .	none	The character of Michel Ardan, the French member of the party in the novel, was inspired by the real photographer Félix Nadar.	The character of Benjamin Ardan , the French member of the party in the novel , was inspired by the real-life photographer Félix Nadar .
10287	none	Lucey 's wife Helen Tokar was the sister of Betty Tokar Jankovich , who briefly dated Bob Montana and was the inspiration for Betty Cooper .	none	Lucey's wife Helen Tokar was the sister of Betty Tokar Jankovich, who briefly with Bob Montana and was the inspiration for Betty Cooper.	Lucey 's wife Helen Tokar was the sister of Taylor Tokar Jankovich , who briefly dated Bob Montana and was the inspiration for Taylor Cooper .
10300	none	Both John Kerry in 2001 and Mark Warner in 2004 lost Loudoun and Prince William counties .	none	Both John Kerry in 2001 and Mark Warner in 2004 lost Loudoun and Prince William Countys.	Both John Kerry in 2001 and Mark Timothy in 2004 lost Loudoun and Prince William counties .
10302	none	Oren Peli wrote the script for the paranormal thriller film " Insidious " , which was staged by Wan in 2011 and produced by Whannell .	none	Oren Peli wrote the screenplay for the paranormal thriller "Insidious", which was directed by Wan and produced by Whannell in 2011.	Kevin Peli wrote the script for the paranormal thriller film " Insidious " , which was staged by Wan in 2011 and produced by Whannell .
10308	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers .	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns, and Virginia Destroyers.	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Brianna Destroyers .
10313	none	Souray married former WWE wrestler Barbara Blank in February 2016 , better known as Kelly Kelly , and separated in October 2017 .	none	Souray married former WWE wrestler Barbara Blank in February 2016, better known as Kelly Kelly, and separated in October 2017.	Souray married former WWE wrestler Barbara Blank in February 2016 , better known as Lindsey Lindsey , and separated in October 2017 .
10316	none	In 1960 , Ardley married Vivian Wilson , and the couple had one daughter . In 2003 he married Bridget Gantley . He died in Milford , Derbyshire .	none	In 1960, Ardley married Vivian Wilson, and the couple had a daughter. In 2003 he married Bridget Gantley. He died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960 , Ardley married Vivian Juan , and the couple had one daughter . In 2003 he married Bridget Gantley . He died in Milford , Derbyshire .
10324	none	In May 2012 , Collins decided he would not challenge Broun .	none	In May 2012, Collins decided that he would not challenge Broun.	In May 2012 , Alexis decided he would not challenge Broun .
10347	none	She also had a supporting role in the movie " Dolores Perrigrew " 1992 as Bob Roberts .	none	She also had a supporting role in the 1992 film "Dolores Perrigrew" as Bob Roberts.	She also had a supporting role in the movie " Dolores Perrigrew " 1992 as Jayden Roberts .
10358	none	A professional thief ( John Cusack ) takes a former racing driver ( Thomas Jane ) hostage and forces him to drive his car .	none	A professional thief (John Cusack) takes a former racing driver (Thomas Jane) hostage and forces him to drive his car.	A professional thief ( John Cusack ) takes a former racing driver ( Ian Jane ) hostage and forces him to drive his car .
10360	none	William de Middleton ( or William Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .	none	He was the first Bishop of Norwich, and was the first Bishop of Norwich.	Gregory de Middleton ( or Gregory Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
10371	none	Sixteen of these delegates were allocated for Barack Obama , nine for Hillary Rodham Clinton .	none	Sixteen of these delegates were assigned to Barack Obama, nine to Hillary Rodham Clinton.	Sixteen of these delegates were allocated for Barack Obama , nine for Hillary Rodham Travis .
10382	none	Justice Felix Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II ( 17 January 1891 -- 26 October 1951 ) was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lankan ) judge and lawyer .	none	He was a member of the Sri Lankan Supreme Court.	Justice Felix John Dias Bandaranaike II ( 17 January 1891 -- 26 October 1951 ) was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lankan ) judge and lawyer .
10387	none	" Nobody Does It Better " is a song composed by Marvin Hamlisch with lyrics by Carole Bayer Sager .	none	Nobody Does It Better is a song by Marvin Hamlisch with lyrics by Carole Bayer Sager.	" Nobody Does It Better " is a song composed by John Hamlisch with lyrics by Carole Bayer Sager .
10402	none	The mountainous stage 20 of the Giro ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes , and the penultimate stage started the next day on the mountain .	none	The mountainous stage 20 of the Giro ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the penultimate stage began the next day on the mountain.	The mountainous stage 20 of the Giro ended on the slopes of Patrick Deux Alpes , and the penultimate stage started the next day on the mountain .
10411	none	Under the direction of George D. Widener , the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by the architect Horace Trumbauer .	none	Under the direction of George D. Widener, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by the architect Horace Trumbauer.	Under the direction of Brian D. Widener , the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by the architect Horace Trumbauer .
10434	none	Among their children were Thomas Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .	none	Among her children were Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Among their children were Ian Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .
10446	none	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament , the other party or main party in Tanzania is called Chadema .	none	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament, the other party or main party in Tanzania called Chadema.	Alexander Alexander Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament , the other party or main party in Tanzania is called Chadema .
10447	none	Ruben Aganbegyan ( born in 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , president of Micex , son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan .	none	Ruben Aganbegyan (born 1972 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan.	Kenneth Aganbegyan ( born in 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , president of Micex , son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan .
10448	none	Justice Munir also wrote a book " From Jinnah to Zia " and argues that Jinnah stood for a secular state .	none	Judge Munir also wrote a book "From Jinnah to Zia" and argues that Jinnah stood for a secular state.	Justice Eric also wrote a book " From Jinnah to Zia " and argues that Jinnah stood for a secular state .
10471	none	Emden ( 1614 , Simon Bosboom - 1662 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch architect and writer of the Golden Age .	none	Emden (1614, Simon Bosboom - 1662, Amsterdam ) was a Dutch architect and writer of the Golden Age.	Emden ( 1614 , Mason Bosboom - 1662 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch architect and writer of the Golden Age .
10477	none	Nitin Gadkari is married to Kanchan Gadkari and they have three children , Nikhil , Sarang and Ketki . His eldest son Nikhil is married to Rutuja Pathak and	none	Nitin Gadkari is married to Kanchan Gadkari and they have three children, Nikhil, Sarang and Ketki. His eldest son Nikhil is married to Rutuja Pathak and	Mason Gadkari is married to Kanchan Gadkari and they have three children , Nikhil , Sarang and Ketki . His eldest son Nikhil is married to Rutuja Pathak and
10490	none	In his book " A short story by Byzantium " , Constantine refers to Constantine VII as " The Scholar Emperor " . Norwich describes John Julius Norwich .	none	In his book "A Brief History of Byzantium", Constantine refers to Constantine VII as "The Scholar Emperor". Norwich describes John Julius Norwich.	In his book " A short story by Byzantium " , Constantine refers to Constantine VII as " The Scholar Emperor " . Norwich describes Nicholas Julius Norwich .
10494	none	Bell is a color commentator for NBC Sports with fellow anchor Leigh Diffey and lead analyst Paul Tracy .	none	Bell is a color commentator for NBC Sports with colleagues Anker Leigh Diffey and lead analyst Paul Tracy.	Bell is a color commentator for NBC Sports with fellow anchor Leigh Diffey and lead analyst Paul April .
10497	none	Official LDS missionary work did not begin in Utah until John Murdock and Charles W. Wandell arrived in Sydney from Australia on 30 October , 1851 .	none	Official LDS mission work did not begin in Utah until John Murdock and Charles W. Wandel arrived in Sydney from Australia on October 30, 1851.	Official LDS missionary work did not begin in Utah until Jeremy Murdock and Charles W. Wandell arrived in Sydney from Australia on 30 October , 1851 .
10498	none	In 1901 , Emma Goldman Winn met in Chicago and found in her a lasting ally .	none	In 1901, Emma Goldman Winn met in Chicago and found in it a permanent ally.	In 1901 , Kristen Goldman Winn met in Chicago and found in her a lasting ally .
10499	none	Oscar Bonavena met Ellis in the second round of the tournament .	none	Bonavera met Ellis in the second round of the tournament.	Oscar Bonavena met Robert in the second round of the tournament .
10509	none	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994 , she played with Currie and West Bass , Currie 's sister Jackie also performed with the band .	none	On the 1994 Runaways Reunion she played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Jackie also performed with the band.	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994 , she played with Currie and West Bass , Currie 's sister Kayla also performed with the band .
10515	none	She unsuccessfully ran for the Conservative Party of Canada nomination for Sherwood Park -- Edmonton , prior to the 2008 federal election ; Tim Uppal was nominated and won .	none	She ran unsuccessfully for the nomination of the Canadian Conservative Party for Sherwood Park -- Edmonton, before the 2008 Bundestag election; Tim Uppal was nominated and won.	She unsuccessfully ran for the Conservative Party of Canada nomination for Sherwood Park -- Edmonton , prior to the 2008 federal election ; Hunter Uppal was nominated and won .
10521	none	It was initially recorded by Irma Thomas in November 1961 and produced by Allen Toussaint .	none	It was originally recorded by Irma Thomas in November 1961 and produced by Allen Toussaint.	It was initially recorded by Irma Thomas in November 1961 and produced by Gregory Toussaint .
10533	none	Her children were Thomas Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly and the Senate of Wisconsin .	none	Her children were Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and Senate of Wisconsin.	Her children were Thomas Weaver , a member of the Assembly , and Jacob Weaver , a member of the Assembly and the Senate of Wisconsin .
10543	none	In February 2007 Barbara Fischinger performed on the original Lumigraph in Frankfurt , and in 2012 in Amsterdam .	none	In February 2007 Barbara Fischinger appeared at the Original Lumigraph in Frankfurt and in Amsterdam in 2012.	In February 2007 Katherine Fischinger performed on the original Lumigraph in Frankfurt , and in 2012 in Amsterdam .
10545	none	Her next convict voyage was under the command of James Ellis and surgeon Peter John Reeves .	none	Her next convict journey was under the command of James Ellis and the surgeon Peter John Reeves.	Her next convict voyage was under the command of Jayden Ellis and surgeon Peter John Reeves .
10556	none	Laurie 's mother discovered the body and Michelle , Lawrence , and Tabitha were quickly arrested .	none	Laurie's mother discovered the body and Michelle, Lawrence, and Tabitha was quickly arrested.	Laurie 's mother discovered the body and Michelle , Dustin , and Tabitha were quickly arrested .
10574	none	Much of Rib Lake is hilly , with small glacial lakes . It lies within the Perkinstown terminal moraine , which is described under Taylor County .	none	Most of Rib Lake is hilly, with small glacial lakes. It is located within the Perkinstown Terminal Moraine, which is described under Taylor County.	Much of Rib Lake is hilly , with small glacial lakes . It lies within the Perkinstown terminal moraine , which is described under Taylor County .
10603	none	For example , Elizabeth Coffin , daughter of a prominent merchant from Nantucket , was the mother of the wealthy Massachusetts industrialists Henry Coffin Nevins and David Nevins Jr .	none	For example, Elizabeth Coffin, daughter of a prominent merchant from Nantucket, was the mother of wealthy Massachusetts industrialist Henry Coffin Nevins and David Nevins Jr.	For example , Elizabeth Coffin , daughter of a prominent merchant from Nantucket , was the mother of the wealthy Massachusetts industrialists Henry Coffin Nevins and Ryan Nevins Jr .
10608	none	Ultron was created by writer Roy Thomas and artist John Buscema .	none	Ultron was created by the writer Roy Thomas and the artist John Buscema.	Ultron was created by writer Roy Thomas and artist Isaiah Buscema .
10614	none	Born in Bradford , Chapman performed for Frickley Athletic , Bradford City , Notts County , Mansfield , Exeter City , Torquay United , Darlington and Emley .	none	Born in Bradford, Chapman played for Frickley Athletic, Bradford City, Notts County, Mansfield, Exeter City, Torquay United, Darlington and Emley.	Born in Bradford , Cody performed for Frickley Athletic , Bradford City , Notts County , Mansfield , Exeter City , Torquay United , Darlington and Emley .
10617	none	Lawrence Rinder was the founding director of the Institute . The current director is Anthony Huberman , who replaced Jens Hoffmann in 2013 .	none	Lawrence Rinder was founding director of the institute. The current director is Anthony Huberman, who replaced Jens Hoffmann in 2013.	Lawrence Rinder was the founding director of the Institute . The current director is Anthony Huberman , who replaced Brandon Hoffmann in 2013 .
10621	none	The Tripper is a 2006 comedy horror slasher film which was directed by David Arquette and stars Jaime King , Thomas Jane and Lukas Haas .	none	The Tripper is a 2006 horror slasher film directed by David Arquette.	The Tripper is a 2006 comedy horror slasher film which was directed by David Arquette and stars Jaime King , Cody Jane and Lukas Haas .
10631	none	Nikolaus Moser and Cedrik-Marcel Stebe won 7 -- 6 , 3 -- 6 , 10 -- 8 against Henri continent and Christopher Rungkat in the final .	none	Nikolaus Moser and Cedrik-Marcel Stebe won 7 -- 6, 3 -- 6, 10 -- 8 against Henri Kontinent and Christopher Rungkat in the final.	Carlos Moser and Cedrik-Marcel Stebe won 7 -- 6 , 3 -- 6 , 10 -- 8 against Henri continent and Christopher Rungkat in the final .
10636	none	He lives in Noah and Mabel with his wife Lucy and their children .	none	He lives in Noah and Mabel with his wife Lucy and their children.	He lives in Noah and Katie with his wife Lucy and their children .
10639	none	Hillary married Bill on 11 October 1975 , and their only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .	none	Hillary married Bill on October 11, 1975, and her only child, Chelsea, was born on February 27, 1980.	Hillary married Bill on 11 October 1975 , and their only child , Tara , was born on February 27 , 1980 .
10656	none	In the past , when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state , he conquered over 70 cities in Qi , except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan .	none	In the past, when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state, he conquered over 70 cities in Qi, except Ju and Jimo for Tian Dan.	In the past , when Yue Yi attacked the Qi state , he conquered over 70 cities in Qi , except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Kenneth .
10663	none	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .	none	In 2010, she appeared at the sixth annual Judelicious Festival with Matisyahu, Moshav, Rav Shmuel, Electro Morocco, and Kosha Dillz.	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Caleb , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .
10665	none	Ezra 's family came originally as immigrants from Iraq and settled in Palestine .	none	Ezra's family originally came from Iraq as immigrants and settled in Palestine.	Angel 's family came originally as immigrants from Iraq and settled in Palestine .
10675	none	In 2009 , it was won by Australian Martin Fryer , the world champion of the 24-hour race in 2008 , and in 2008 by Ryoichi Sekiya .	none	In 2009, it was won by Australian Martin Fryer, the world champion of the 2008 24-hour race, and in 2008 by Ryoichi Sekiya.	In 2009 , it was won by Australian John Fryer , the world champion of the 24-hour race in 2008 , and in 2008 by Ryoichi Sekiya .
10687	none	In 2011 , Trevor Hunter was not the director as he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012 .	none	In 2011, Trevor Hunter was not the director since he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012.	In 2011 , Trevor Hunter was not the director as he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Dylan in 2012 .
10689	none	Paul Newman as Wiggen and Albert Salmi as catcher Bruce Pearson .	none	Paul Newman as Wiggen and Albert Salmi as catcher Bruce Pearson.	Paul Newman as Wiggen and Albert Salmi as catcher Austin Pearson .
10691	none	After the death of his father , James Holman , on 4 March 1827 he was elected king in the presence of King George .	none	After the death of his father, James Holman, on March 4, 1827, he became king in the presence of King George.	After the death of his father , Jonathan Holman , on 4 March 1827 he was elected king in the presence of King George .
10695	none	As a graduate student Kaplan collaborated with Heinz Werner , and then worked further with Norman Geschwind and Harold Goodglass .	none	As a graduate, Kaplan worked with Heinz Werner and then continued working with Norman Geschwind and Harold Goodglass.	As a graduate student Kaplan collaborated with Heinz Werner , and then worked further with Norman Geschwind and Charles Goodglass .
10699	none	Katharina Knie is a German musical by Mischa Spoliansky composed with a libretto by Robert Gilbert .	none	Katharina Knie is a German musical by Mischa Spoliansky, composed with a libretto by Robert Gilbert.	Katharina Knie is a German musical by Chloe Spoliansky composed with a libretto by Robert Gilbert .
10704	none	It was the first album of Carol Emanuel , Bill Frisell and Kenny Wollesen , who had become known as The Gnostic Trio .	none	It was the first album by Carol Emanuel, Bill Frisell and Kenny Wollesen, which had become known as The Gnostic Trio.	It was the first album of Carol Emanuel , Andrew Frisell and Kenny Wollesen , who had become known as The Gnostic Trio .
10713	none	Designed by Jess Hobbs , Rebecca Anders and PK ( Peter Kimelman ) , it was built by a team of 300 over a period of 4 months .	none	Designed by Jess Hobbs, Rebecca Anders and PK (Peter Kimelman), it was built by a team of 300 over a period of 4 months.	Designed by Jess Hobbs , Rebecca Anders and PK ( Brian Kimelman ) , it was built by a team of 300 over a period of 4 months .
10730	none	In the 1988 miniseries " Hemingway " , starring Fiona Fullerton , Duff Twysden was played by Stacy Keach .	none	In the 1988 miniseries "Hemingway" with Fiona Fullerton, Duff Twysden was played by Stacy Keach.	In the 1988 miniseries " Hemingway " , starring Lisa Fullerton , Duff Twysden was played by Stacy Keach .
10748	none	The series was created by Mike Roberts and is written by Matt Mariska and Andy Sipes .	none	The series was created by Mike Roberts and written by Matt Mariska and Andy Sipes.	The series was created by Mike Roberts and is written by Alex Mariska and Andy Sipes .
10750	none	Mark Hambourg was born in Voronezh , Russia , the middle brother of the famous pianist Jan Hambourg .	none	Mark Hambourg was born in Voronezh, Russia, the middle brother of the famous pianist Jan Hambourg.	Kyle Hambourg was born in Voronezh , Russia , the middle brother of the famous pianist Jan Hambourg .
10757	none	He developed players like Stefan Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Stefan Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .	none	He developed players such as Stefan Bogomilov, Bozhil Kolev, Stefan Janev, Damyan Georgiev, Ivan Derventski, Spas Kirov, Nedko Nedev.	He developed players like Joshua Bogomilov , Bozhil Kolev , Joshua Janev , Damyan Georgiev , Ivan Derventski , Spas Kirov , Nedko Nedev .
10765	none	But the other judges prefer Trish ( April Marie Eden ) , an attractive , but untalented , and unintelligent woman .	none	But the other judges prefer Trish (April Marie Eden), an attractive but untalented, and unintelligent woman.	But the other judges prefer Trish ( April Marie Emily ) , an attractive , but untalented , and unintelligent woman .
10767	none	Maria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ( born 20 September , 1975 in Aria Asia Argento ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .	none	==Early life==Aria Argento was born in Aria Asia Argento, Italy, in 1975.	Maria Maria Catherine Rossa Argento ( born 20 September , 1975 in Aria Asia Argento ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .
10773	none	On 14 June , Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll as second against Jesse Benton , the brother of Thomas .	none	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll as second against Jesse Benton, Thomas's brother.	On 14 June , Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll as second against Jesse Ian , the brother of Thomas .
10777	none	The first known European observation of Whidbey Island was during the Spanish expedition of Manuel Quimper and Gonzalo López de Haro at the " Princesa Real " in 1790 .	none	The first known European observation of the island of Whidbey was during the Spanish expedition of Manuel Quimper and Gonzalo López de Haro on the "Princesa Real" in 1790.	The first known European observation of Whidbey Island was during the Spanish expedition of Alexander Quimper and Gonzalo López de Haro at the " Princesa Real " in 1790 .
10781	none	Eleni Daniilidou and Jasmin Wöhr won in the final 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 4 , against Anabel Medina Garrigues and Virginia Ruano Pascual .	none	Eleni Daniilidou and Jasmin Wöhr won 6 - 2, 6 - 4, against Anabel Medina Garrigues and Virginia Ruano Pascual in the final.	Alicia Daniilidou and Jasmin Wöhr won in the final 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 4 , against Anabel Medina Garrigues and Virginia Ruano Pascual .
10783	none	Mr. Harry O ’ Rourke ( Scotland ) was the first President , and Mr. Owen Clarke ( New Zealand ) the first Chairman .	none	Mr. Harry O -Rourke (Scotland ) was the first president, and Mr. Owen Clarke (New Zealand ) was the first chairman.	Mr. Harry O ’ Rourke ( Scotland ) was the first President , and Mr. Alex Clarke ( New Zealand ) the first Chairman .
10804	none	Guillermo Cañas won in the final 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 , against Juan Carlos Ferrero .	none	Guillermo Cañas won 7 - 6, 6 - 2 in the final, against Juan Carlos Ferrero.	Robert Cañas won in the final 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 , against Juan Carlos Ferrero .
10815	none	They also meet the twins Timmy and Tommy Reston in their Ford Mustang , which were soon invited by Keun 's friend to Waffle House .	none	They also meet the twins Timmy and Tommy Reston in their Ford Mustang, who were soon invited by Keun's friend to Waffle House.	They also meet the twins Adrian and Tommy Reston in their Ford Mustang , which were soon invited by Keun 's friend to Waffle House .
10819	none	Carl Johan Westman was the son of the postmaster Karl Gustaf Westman and Tonny ( Andersson ) Westman .	none	Carl Johan Westman was the son of postmaster Karl Gustaf Westman and Tonny (Andersson) Westman.	Carl Dylan Westman was the son of the postmaster Karl Gustaf Westman and Tonny ( Andersson ) Westman .
10822	none	Sara Sara Noxx is an award winning German musician and star of the alternative music scene .	none	Sara Sara Noxx is an award-winning German musician and star of the alternative music scene.	Leslie Leslie Noxx is an award winning German musician and star of the alternative music scene .
10824	none	The series is hosted by Zelda Rubinstein and told by Linda Blair .	none	The series is hosted by Zelda Rubinstein and told by Linda Blair.	The series is hosted by Karen Rubinstein and told by Linda Blair .
10827	none	Regularly holds Poker Oscar poker games , two of the players are Roy , his agent and Teddy , one of his best friends .	none	Regularly holds poker Oscar Poker games, two of the players are Roy, his agent and Teddy, one of his best friends.	Regularly holds Poker Oscar poker games , two of the players are Roy , his agent and Anthony , one of his best friends .
10833	none	Sir Herbert was returned to the new seat of Croydon East and was re-elected in 1951 .	none	Sir Herbert was returned to the new seat of Croydon East and re-elected in 1951.	Sir Kenneth was returned to the new seat of Croydon East and was re-elected in 1951 .
10849	none	He is the son of Juan he has three brothers Danilo Jr. , Antonio , Danilo K. Rapadas and Cerila Matias Rapadas and his sisters Roberta and Christina .	none	He is the son of Juan he has three brothers Danilo Jr., Antonio, Danilo K. Rapadas and Cerila Matias Rapadas and his sisters Roberta and Christina.	He is the son of Juan he has three brothers Justin Jr. , Antonio , Justin K. Rapadas and Cerila Matias Rapadas and his sisters Roberta and Christina .
10855	none	It was written by Bowie and produced by him and David Richards .	none	It was written by Bowie and produced by him and David Richards.	It was written by Bowie and produced by him and Charles Richards .
10863	none	He came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013 together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić .	none	He joined AS Trenčín in the summer of 2013 together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić.	He came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013 together with his teammate Zachary Hajradinović from Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić .
10881	none	Fritz August Hoenig ( 1848 -- 1902 ) was a military officer and German writer .	none	Fritz August Hoenig (1848 – 1902) was a German writer and military officer.	Fritz Matthew Hoenig ( 1848 -- 1902 ) was a military officer and German writer .
10885	none	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to die with Hugh and Barnaby . Hugh and Dennis are hanged . Barnaby , through the efforts of Gabriel Varden , is pardoned .	none	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to death with Hugh and Barnaby. Hugh and Dennis are hanged. Barnaby, by the efforts of Gabriel Varden, is pardoned.	Thomas is arrested and sentenced to die with Hugh and Barnaby . Hugh and Thomas are hanged . Barnaby , through the efforts of Gabriel Varden , is pardoned .
10905	none	Other collaborators include Art Themen , Pee Wee Ellis , Dub Syndicate , Paul Cox , Alan Barnes , Little Axe and Gypie Mayo .	none	Other staff members include Art Topics, Pee Wee Ellis, Dub Syndicate, Paul Cox, Alan Barnes, Little Axe and Gypie Mayo.	Other collaborators include Art Themen , Pee Wee Ellis , Dub Syndicate , Tyler Cox , Alan Barnes , Little Axe and Gypie Mayo .
10918	none	The Square was opened by President Alexander Lukashenko and Lao President Choummaly Sayasone on July 2 , 2013 , during a ceremony on the square .	none	The square was opened by President Alexander Lukashenko and Lao President Choummaly Sayasone on 2 July 2013, during a ceremony on the square.	The Square was opened by President Jackson Lukashenko and Lao President Choummaly Sayasone on July 2 , 2013 , during a ceremony on the square .
10930	none	In March 1999 , Chris Wayne Bennett took over the succession of Chris Anderson as team coach .	none	In March 1999, Chris Wayne Bennett was replaced by Chris Anderson as a team coach.	In March 1999 , Chris Dylan Bennett took over the succession of Chris Anderson as team coach .
10937	none	The names " googol " and " googolplex " were invented by Edward Kasner 's nephew , Milton Sirotta , and introduced in Kasner and Newman 's 1940 book ,	none	The names " googol " and " googolplex " were invented by Edward Kasner's nephew, Milton Sirotta, and introduced into Kasner and Newman's 1940 book,	The names " googol " and " googolplex " were invented by Shawn Kasner 's nephew , Milton Sirotta , and introduced in Kasner and Newman 's 1940 book ,
10945	none	Included are Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .	none	Included are Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.	Included are Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Eric Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .
10949	none	Henry Beaumont , his niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .	none	Henry Beaumont, his niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in English service.	Peter Beaumont , his niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .
10956	none	He died in 1879 in Bannock County , Idaho , USA Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford , Idaho .	none	He died in 1879 in Bannock County, Idaho, USA Jefferson Hunt is buried at Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford, Idaho.	He died in 1879 in Bannock County , Idaho , USA Jesse Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford , Idaho .
10962	none	Ella Hval ( born Ella Signe Quist Kristoffersen ) ( January 7 , 1904 , Kristiania -- December 17 , 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .	none	She was born in Kristiania, Norway.	Olivia Hval ( born Olivia Signe Quist Kristoffersen ) ( January 7 , 1904 , Kristiania -- December 17 , 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .
10975	none	Van Hoof was born in Antwerp , was student of Paul Gilson and was heavily influenced by the works of Peter Benoit .	none	Van Hoof was born in Antwerp, was a pupil of Paul Gilson and was heavily influenced by the works of Peter Benoit.	Eric Hoof was born in Antwerp , was student of Paul Gilson and was heavily influenced by the works of Peter Benoit .
10978	none	Now Hawkgirl is 100 % Kendra Saunders .	none	Now Hawkgirl is 100% Kendra Saunders.	Now Hawkgirl is 100 % Christina Saunders .
10992	none	On November 11 , 1999 , Kavita Krishnamurthy married Dr. L. Subramaniam of Bengaluru , Karnataka .	none	==Personal life==Kavita Krishnamurthy married Dr. L. Subramaniam of Bengaluru, Karnataka.	On November 11 , 1999 , Olivia Krishnamurthy married Dr. L. Subramaniam of Bengaluru , Karnataka .
10998	none	In 1937 , Peter Bischoff married Dr. Carla Spletter , who had won a gold medal in sailing at the Olympic Games in 1936 .	none	In 1937, Peter Bischoff married Dr. Carla Spletter, who had won a gold medal in sailing at the 1936 Olympic Games.	In 1937 , Andrew Bischoff married Dr. Carla Spletter , who had won a gold medal in sailing at the Olympic Games in 1936 .
11007	none	He was private secretary and possibly doctor to Rodrigo Borgia , later Alexander VI and also to Innocent VIII .	none	He was a private secretary and possibly a doctor with Rodrigo Borgia, later Alexander VI and also with Innocent VIII.	He was private secretary and possibly doctor to Rodrigo Borgia , later Alexander Kelly and also to Innocent VIII .
11009	none	Hussain won 432 votes , and his only rival , Wajihuddin Ahmed , received 77 .	none	Hussain won 432 votes, and his only rival, Wajihuddin Ahmed, won 77.	Hussain won 432 votes , and his only rival , Wajihuddin Luke , received 77 .
11010	none	Paul Webb explained , " it was recorded before it was written . "	none	Paul Webb explained, "it was recorded before it was written."	Mark Webb explained , " it was recorded before it was written . "
11015	none	The Appalachian Trail , a National Scenic Trail from Georgia to Maine , traverses Franconia Ridge , including Little Haystack .	none	The Appalachian Trail, a national Scenic Trail from Georgia to Maine, crosses Frankengrat, including Little Haystack.	The Appalachian Trail , a National Scenic Trail from Georgia to Maine , traverses Franconia Ridge , including Ian Haystack .
11021	none	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations , Vang Nyman did not receive as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren , and she remains fairly unknown .	none	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations, Vang Nyman did not get as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren, and she remains quite unknown.	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations , Vang Nyman did not receive as much appreciation from the publication as the author Elizabeth Lindgren , and she remains fairly unknown .
11026	none	A radar-equipped Vickers Wellington has been modified as one of the first Airborne Early Warning and Control ( AEW / C ) aircraft for use by the Fighter Interception Unit .	none	A Vickers Wellington equipped with radar was modified as one of the first Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW / C) aircraft for use by the Fighter Interception Unit.	A radar-equipped Vickers Adrian has been modified as one of the first Airborne Early Warning and Control ( AEW / C ) aircraft for use by the Fighter Interception Unit .
11027	none	" Your Song " is a 1970 song by Elton John , covered by a number of artists , including Ellie Goulding in 2010 .	none	"Your Song" is a 1970 song by Elton John.	" Your Song " is a 1970 song by Scott John , covered by a number of artists , including Ellie Goulding in 2010 .
11037	none	He was married twice , to Annie Kowalkowski and to Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .	none	He was married twice, with Annie Kowalkowski and Elizabeth Dettlaff, and had three daughters.	He was married twice , to Julie Kowalkowski and to Elizabeth Dettlaff , and had three daughters .
11038	none	Amon Düül and Amon Düül II influenced Hungarian psychedelic bands like such hardcore , 'apos ; Shaman Punk ' ; band Galloping Coroners in the late 70 's .	none	Amon Düül and Amon Düül II influenced Hungarian psychedelic bands like "Apos ; Shaman Punk"; band Galloping Coroners in the late 1970s.	Matthew Düül and Matthew Düül II influenced Hungarian psychedelic bands like such hardcore , 'apos ; Shaman Punk ' ; band Galloping Coroners in the late 70 's .
11042	none	In 2015 , Richard Branson offered Stephen Hawking a seat on the Virgin Galactic spaceship for free .	none	In 2015, Richard Branson offered Stephen Hawking a place on the Virgin Galactic spaceship for free.	In 2015 , Richard Cameron offered Stephen Hawking a seat on the Virgin Galactic spaceship for free .
11060	none	There she studied with Robert Morris , Carl Andre and Robert Barry and met fellow art students Tony Smith , Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt .	none	There she studied with Robert Morris, Carl Andre and Robert Barry and met art colleagues Tony Smith, Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt.	There she studied with Robert Morris , Carl Luis and Robert Barry and met fellow art students Tony Smith , Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt .
11065	none	After Matt falls into a magical , coma-like slumber , Elena takes on more responsibility and eventually , becomes the sheriff of Mystic Falls .	none	After Matt falls into a magical coma-like slumber, Elena takes more responsibility and finally becomes the sheriff of Mystic Falls.	After Logan falls into a magical , coma-like slumber , Elena takes on more responsibility and eventually , becomes the sheriff of Mystic Falls .
11067	none	In October 2015 , Shuli Mualem from the Knesset resigned to allow Bennett to take over his seat .	none	In October 2015, Shuli Mualem resigned from the Knesset to take over Bennett's seat.	In October 2015 , Shuli Mualem from the Knesset resigned to allow Patrick to take over his seat .
11090	none	Dalton was godfather to surgeon Sir Alfred Downing Fripp .	none	Dalton was the godfather of surgeon Sir Alfred Downing Fripp.	Jacob was godfather to surgeon Sir Alfred Downing Fripp .
11098	none	Pete knows Brewster , who was a friend of Peter 's father .	none	Pete knows Brewster, who was a friend of Peter's father.	Pete knows Brewster , who was a friend of Jeffrey 's father .
11101	none	Other players played a prominent role in the launching such as Mike Caroll ( the logo ) and Tom Howard ( more men ) .	none	Other players played a prominent role in the start such as Mike Caroll (the logo) and Tom Howard (more men).	Other players played a prominent role in the launching such as Mike Caroll ( the logo ) and Andrew Howard ( more men ) .
11109	none	The result was a victory for Labour - candidate Patrick Gordon Walker , who comfortably held the seat with a slightly higher majority with a slightly reduced turnout .	none	The result was a victory for Labour candidate Patrick Gordon Walker, who comfortably held the seat with a slightly higher majority with a slightly reduced turnout.	The result was a victory for Labour - candidate Patrick Gordon Austin , who comfortably held the seat with a slightly higher majority with a slightly reduced turnout .
11124	none	Paul Paul Singer announced in February 2016 that Argentina had reached an agreement with Daniel Pollack .	none	Paul Paul Singer announced in February 2016 that Argentina had reached an agreement with Daniel Pollack.	Paul Paul Singer announced in February 2016 that Argentina had reached an agreement with Sean Pollack .
11128	none	A prologue , spoken by Garrick , was written by Powell .	none	A prologue, spoken of Garrick, was written by Powell.	A prologue , spoken by Jesse , was written by Powell .
11129	none	Constantine Giannaris ( born 1959 in Athens , Constantines Giannaris ) is a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .	none	Constantine Giannaris (born 1959) is a Greek film director, screenwriter and actor.	Jack Giannaris ( born 1959 in Athens , Constantines Giannaris ) is a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .
11132	none	Nate later reluctantly agrees that Ruth can stay for a few days .	none	Nate later reluctantly agrees that Ruth can stay for a few days.	Nate later reluctantly agrees that Jennifer can stay for a few days .
11133	none	Shayne Doyle said : " I invested a lot of money in sound equipment , I have door people and sound people to pay .	none	Shayne Doyle said, "I invested a lot of money in sound equipment, I have doormen and sound people to pay.	Carlos Doyle said : " I invested a lot of money in sound equipment , I have door people and sound people to pay .
11142	none	Trio is a collaboration album by three American artists , Dolly Parton , Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris .	none	Trio is a collaboration album by three American artists, Dolly Parton, Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris.	Trio is a collaboration album by three American artists , Dolly Parton , Hailey Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris .
11147	none	The music video for " Desire " was edited by Claudia Wass and directed by Andy Morahan .	none	The music video for " Desire" was released by Claudia Wass and directed by Andy Morahan.	The music video for " Desire " was edited by Angela Wass and directed by Andy Morahan .
11152	none	The couple had their first child , Nicol , in August 2012 , and their second son Schalk Jr. was born in March 2014 .	none	The couple had their first child, Nicol, in August 2012, and their second son, Schalk Jr., was born in March 2014.	The couple had their first child , Isabella , in August 2012 , and their second son Schalk Jr. was born in March 2014 .
11158	none	Between 2006 and 2011 , Nantes , Bordeaux , Rennes , Montpellier , Toulouse , and Lyon had the fastest-growing conurbations in France .	none	Between 2006 and 2011, Nantes, Bordeaux, Rennes, Montpellier, Toulouse and Lyon had the fastest growing conurbations in France.	Between 2006 and 2011 , Nantes , Bordeaux , Rennes , Montpellier , Toulouse , and Samuel had the fastest-growing conurbations in France .
11165	none	Then his friend Cowboy , Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole recruited ( Nathaniel Glover ) .	none	Then his friend Cowboy, Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole recruited ( Nathaniel Glover).	Then his friend Cowboy , Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole recruited ( Benjamin Glover ) .
11178	none	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Albert .	none	It was opened on 1 May 1859 by Prince Albert.	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Benjamin Albert .
11179	none	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later Michigan governor ) and George Romney were running AMC .	none	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy (later Michigan Governor) and George Romney AMC operated.	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later Michigan governor ) and William Romney were running AMC .
11190	none	He has previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Trinity , Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday .	none	He previously played for North Ferriby United, Notts County, York City, Gainsborough Trinity, Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday.	He has previously played for North Ferriby United , Notts County , York City , Gainsborough Taylor , Matlock Town and Sheffield Wednesday .
11202	none	As reported by Count Harrach , Franz Ferdinand 's last words were " Sophie , Sophie !	none	As reported by Count Harrach, Franz Ferdinand's last words were " Sophie, Sophie!	As reported by Count Harrach , Luis Ferdinand 's last words were " Sophie , Sophie !
11207	none	President Lincoln had only a vague knowledge of his Berks County ancestors , believing that they were Quakers from Pennsylvania .	none	President Lincoln had only a vague knowledge of his Berks County ancestors who believe they Quakers from Pennsylvania.	President Mason had only a vague knowledge of his Berks County ancestors , believing that they were Quakers from Pennsylvania .
11211	none	Ralph encouraged Maurice in mathematics and chess play .	none	Ralph encourages Maurice in mathematics and chess.	Jonathan encouraged Maurice in mathematics and chess play .
11219	none	In 1925 , Percy Hansen and Bryon Hansen bought the " Jamestown Alert " by William Kellogg .	none	In 1925, Percy Hansen and Bryon Hansen bought the Jamestown Alert from William Kellogg.	In 1925 , Percy Hansen and Bryon Hansen bought the " Jamestown Alert " by Ethan Kellogg .
11222	none	Carter Brown referred to Rhodes Tavern as " the missing tooth in the smile of 15th Street " .	none	Carter Brown called Rhodes Tavern "the missing tooth in the 15th Street smile."	Adrian Brown referred to Rhodes Tavern as " the missing tooth in the smile of 15th Street " .
11226	none	Sharifah Aini was born on July 2 , 1953 in Kampung Melayu Majidee , Johor Bahru , and grew up in Johor Bahru , Johor Bahru , Sultanah Aminah Hospital .	none	Sharifah Aini was born on July 2, 1953 in Kampung Melayu Majidee, Johor Bahru, and grew up in Johor Bahru, Johor Bahru, Sultanah Aminah Hospital.	Sharifah Aini was born on July 2 , 1953 in Kampung Melayu Majidee , Johor Bahru , and grew up in Johor Bahru , Johor Bahru , Sultanah Ava Hospital .
11249	none	Sumner Slichter was the brother of geophysicist Louis B. Slichter , father of physicist Charles Pence Slichter , and the grandfather of musician Jacob Slichter .	none	Sumner Slichter was the brother of the geophysicist Louis B. Slichter, father of the physicist Charles Pence Slichter and grandfather of the musician Jacob Slichter.	Sumner Slichter was the brother of geophysicist Louis B. Slichter , father of physicist Charles Pence Slichter , and the grandfather of musician Aaron Slichter .
11251	none	The band consisted of Anders Hector , Claes Bure , Peter Börk , Peter Forbes , Roger Capello and Chino Mariano .	none	The band consisted of Anders Hector, Claes Bure, Peter Börk, Peter Forbes, Roger Capello and Chino Mariano.	The band consisted of Anders Hector , Claes Bure , Stephen Börk , Stephen Forbes , Roger Capello and Chino Mariano .
11257	none	The song became the first song of the main characters , Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) and Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) .	none	The song was the first song of the main characters, Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk) and Vincent ( Jay Ryan).	The song became the first song of the main characters , Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) and Vincent ( Jay Stephen ) .
11261	none	In 1873 , Henrietta Anne Armstrong married Charles Francis Constantine , one of his sons , Constantine , who became the XI commander at RMC , Kingston .	none	In 1873, Henrietta Anne Armstrong married Charles Francis Constantine, one of his sons, Constantine, who became the XI commander at RMC, Kingston.	In 1873 , Henrietta Anne Armstrong married Charles Francis Brandon , one of his sons , Brandon , who became the XI commander at RMC , Kingston .
11264	none	It is located about five miles northwest of Jerseyville and about seven miles southeast of Godfrey along US Highway 67 .	none	It is located about five miles northwest of Jerseyville and about seven miles southeast of Godfrey along US Highway 67.	It is located about five miles northwest of Jerseyville and about seven miles southeast of Dylan along US Highway 67 .
11273	none	During the 1745 uprising it was again held by Jacobites and visited twice by Bonnie Prince Charlie .	none	During the 1745 Uprising, it was once again held by Jacobites and twice visited by Bonnie Prince Charlie.	During the 1745 uprising it was again held by Jacobites and visited twice by Bonnie Prince Logan .
11280	none	In 2014 , Huston Smith 's authorized biography was published by Sawyer .	none	In 2014, Huston Smith's authorized biography of Sawyer was published.	In 2014 , Huston Smith 's authorized biography was published by Lucas .
11289	none	Beth later turns the machine off and Robbie is shocked but understanding .	none	Beth later turns off the machine and Robbie is shocked, but understanding.	Beth later turns the machine off and Mason is shocked but understanding .
11290	none	Monica Mæland , Minister for Trade in Norway , led a delegation of 54 companies to Kenya in September 2015 .	none	Monica Mæland, Minister of Trade in Norway, led a delegation of 54 companies to Kenya in September 2015.	Savannah Mæland , Minister for Trade in Norway , led a delegation of 54 companies to Kenya in September 2015 .
11299	none	In 2017 , Will Hammer candidated in the 20th district , Michael Millner in the 22nd district , and Terry Hurst in the 89th district .	none	In 2017, Will Hammer ran in the 20th district, Michael Millner in the 22nd district and Terry Hurst in the 89th district.	In 2017 , Liam Hammer candidated in the 20th district , Michael Millner in the 22nd district , and Terry Hurst in the 89th district .
11311	none	The song was performed on February 8 , 2008 on " Friday Night with Adele " and during the show on 18 October 2008 on " Saturday Night Live " .	none	The song was performed on February 8, 2008 on "Friday night with Adele" and during the show on October 18, 2008 on "Saturday Night Live".	The song was performed on February 8 , 2008 on " Friday Night with Megan " and during the show on 18 October 2008 on " Saturday Night Live " .
11329	none	From 1516 , the Mundy family had the manor of Allestree until Francis Noel Clarke Mundy sold it to Thomas Evans in 1781 .	none	From 1516, the Mundy family had the Allestree manor until Francis Noel Clarke Mundy sold it to Thomas Evans in 1781.	From 1516 , the Mundy family had the manor of Allestree until Francis Noel Bradley Mundy sold it to Thomas Evans in 1781 .
11331	none	On December 30 , 1888 , she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer , Massachusetts .	none	In 1888, she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer, Massachusetts.	On December 30 , 1888 , she married Susie J. Steven in Ayer , Massachusetts .
11336	none	In the first round of the tournament , Baker defeated Sean Loeffler via TKO at Bellator 16 .	none	In the first round of the tournament, Baker defeated Sean Loeffler over TKO at Bellator 16.	In the first round of the tournament , John defeated Sean Loeffler via TKO at Bellator 16 .
11339	none	Robert Biddulph sat for Hereford as a member of the parliament between 1832 and 1837 and served as the judiciary of the peace and deputy lieutenant of Herefordshire .	none	Robert Biddulph served for Hereford as a member of parliament between 1832 and 1837 and served as a justice of peace and deputy lieutenant of Herefordshire.	Angel Biddulph sat for Hereford as a member of the parliament between 1832 and 1837 and served as the judiciary of the peace and deputy lieutenant of Herefordshire .
11347	none	His birth certificate records his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta , but his Argentine identity documents are instead Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri .	none	His birth certificate draws his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta, but his Argentine identity documents are instead Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri.	His birth certificate records his name as Avery Erminio Blotta , but his Argentine identity documents are instead Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri .
11357	none	The first cosmonaut was Soviet Air Force pilot Yuri Gagarin , also the first person in space .	none	The first cosmonaut was the Soviet air pilot Yuri Gagarin, also the first person in space.	The first cosmonaut was Soviet Air Force pilot Haley Gagarin , also the first person in space .
11359	none	Capitán Jorge Osvaldo García successfully ejected but was not recovered .	none	Capitán Jorge Osvaldo García was successfully ejected, but was not recovered.	Capitán Jorge Evan García successfully ejected but was not recovered .
11366	none	I tried to buy it when George Romney ( later Michigan governor ) and Roy Abernethy were running AMC .	none	I tried to buy it when George Romney (later Michigan Governor) and Roy Abernethy operated AMC.	I tried to buy it when Gabriel Romney ( later Michigan governor ) and Roy Abernethy were running AMC .
11390	none	With Richard Caldwell , Lord Lumley endowed a series of lectures , known as the Lumleian Lectures , starting in 1582 and still being given today .	none	With Richard Caldwell, Lord Lumley gave a series of lectures, known as the Lumleian Lectures, from 1582 and still given today.	With Jordan Caldwell , Lord Lumley endowed a series of lectures , known as the Lumleian Lectures , starting in 1582 and still being given today .
11397	none	When it was printed commercially , illustrations were added by J. Augustus Knapp .	none	When it was commercially printed, illustrations by J. Augustus Knapp were added.	When it was printed commercially , illustrations were added by J. Andrew Knapp .
11424	none	Included Daphne Von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Bob Flanagan and Michele Mills .	none	Including Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Bob Flanagan and Michele Mills.	Included Daphne Von Rey , Lisa Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Bob Flanagan and Michele Mills .
11428	none	The brother of Philip Gunawardena and the eldest son of Dinesh Gunawardena , he was educated at Royal College , Colombo .	none	The brother of Philip Gunawardena and the eldest son of Dinesh Gunawardena, he was born at Royal College, Colombo.	The brother of Dustin Gunawardena and the eldest son of Dinesh Gunawardena , he was educated at Royal College , Colombo .
11448	none	Nigel Randell Evans was the eldest son of Air Chief Marshal Sir Donald Randell Evans ( 1912-1975 ) and Pauline Evans .	none	Nigel Randell Evans was the eldest son of Air Chief Marshal Sir Donald Randell Evans (1912-1975) and Pauline Evans.	Nigel Randell Kenneth was the eldest son of Air Chief Marshal Sir Donald Randell Kenneth ( 1912-1975 ) and Pauline Kenneth .
11456	none	Wanjiru 's cousin Joseph Riri is a world-class marathon runner , and Wanjiru 's younger brother Simon Njoroge is also a long-distance runner .	none	Wanjiru's cousin Joseph Riri is a world-class marathon runner, and Wanjiru's younger brother Simon Njoroge is also a long-distance runner.	Wanjiru 's cousin Alexander Riri is a world-class marathon runner , and Wanjiru 's younger brother Simon Njoroge is also a long-distance runner .
11460	none	Nick Folland has appeared most for the county , playing in eighteen games , closely followed by Andrew Pugh , who made sixteen appearances .	none	Nick Folland has appeared most for the county, playing in eighteen games, closely followed by Andrew Pugh who made sixteen appearances.	Nick Folland has appeared most for the county , playing in eighteen games , closely followed by Dustin Pugh , who made sixteen appearances .
11461	none	Clara Maass was born in East Orange , New Jersey , to German immigrants Hedwig and Robert Maass .	none	Clara Maass was born in East Orange, New Jersey, to German immigrants Hedwig and Robert Maass.	Clara Maass was born in East Orange , New Jersey , to German immigrants Hedwig and Zachary Maass .
11465	none	Alexandra Fusai and Nathalie Tauziat won in the final 5 -- 7 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 against Serena Williams and Venus Williams .	none	Alexandra Fusai and Nathalie Tauziat won 5 - 7, 6 - 2, 6 - 2 against Serena Williams and Venus Williams in the final.	Alexandra Fusai and Nathalie Tauziat won in the final 5 -- 7 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 against Serena Brandon and Venus Brandon .
11471	none	In 1900 , Elizabeth Waller married Cowles , and her daughter Harriet was born in 1912 .	none	In 1900, Elizabeth married Waller Cowles, and her daughter Harriet was born in 1912.	In 1900 , Natalie Waller married Cowles , and her daughter Harriet was born in 1912 .
11472	none	The idea was supported and further crystallized by Jonas Basanavičius , Jonas Šliūpas , and others .	none	The idea was supported and further crystallized by Jonas Basanavičius, Jonas Šliūpas and others.	The idea was supported and further crystallized by Peter Basanavičius , Peter Šliūpas , and others .
11476	none	Ashok was then selected to replace Vaibhav Reddy in Deepan Chakravarthy 's psychological thriller " , a second movie in C. V. Kumar ' ; s " Pizza " franchise .	none	Ashok was then chosen to replace Vaibhav Reddy in Deepan Chakravarthy's psychological thriller ", a second movie in C. V. Kumar'; s " Pizza" franchise.	Ashok was then selected to replace Chad Reddy in Deepan Chakravarthy 's psychological thriller " , a second movie in C. V. Kumar ' ; s " Pizza " franchise .
11484	none	Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son of Hugh Lawson Cansler ( originally spelled " Gentzler " ) and Laura Scott .	none	Cansler was born in Maryville, Tennessee, in 1871, a son of Hugh Lawson Cansler (originally written " Gentzler ") and Laura Scott.	Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son of Hugh Nathan Cansler ( originally spelled " Gentzler " ) and Laura Scott .
11496	none	" Hell or Highwater " co-operated with Mark McKenna ( Scott F. Crago Band ) and John Shanks ( The Eagles ) and was produced by Melissa Etheridge .	none	" Hell or Highwater" collaborated with Mark McKenna (Scott F. Crago Band) and John Shanks (The Eagles) and was produced by Melissa Etheridge.	" Hell or Highwater " co-operated with Mark McKenna ( Austin F. Crago Band ) and John Shanks ( The Eagles ) and was produced by Melissa Etheridge .
11507	none	Arthur Ashe defeated Dick Stockton , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 2 .	none	Arthur Ashe defeated Dick Stockton, 6 - 3, 6 - 2.	Arthur Ashe defeated Dick Austin , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 2 .
11508	none	Despite the attentions of Ehinger father Vicente de Requejada , Augustine died on May 31 , 1533 , and was buried under a tree .	none	Despite the attention of Ehinger's father Vicente de Requejada, Augustine died on May 31, 1533, and was buried under a tree.	Despite the attentions of Ehinger father Vicente de Requejada , Austin died on May 31 , 1533 , and was buried under a tree .
11510	none	Ryan Wiik ( born September 23 , 1981 ) is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur , also known as Gunnar Ryan Wiik .	none	Gunnar Ryan Wiik (born 11 September 1981) is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur.	James Wiik ( born September 23 , 1981 ) is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur , also known as Gunnar James Wiik .
11519	none	John Lynch was the eldest son of Lynch , DD Dean of Canterbury and his wife Mary Wake , daughter of William Wake , Archbishop of Canterbury .	none	John Lynch was the eldest son of Lynch, DD Dean of Canterbury and his wife Mary Wake, daughter of William Wake, Archbishop of Canterbury.	Jacob Lynch was the eldest son of Lynch , DD Dean of Canterbury and his wife Mary Wake , daughter of William Wake , Archbishop of Canterbury .
11522	none	Enrique Ponce ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .	none	He was born in Chiva, Valencia, Spain.	Christopher Ponce ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Alfonso Christopher Ponce Martínez , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .
11524	none	Daniela Castro Arellano ( born Daniela Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	none	==Early life and education==Mexico was born in Mexico City, and is a Mexican actress and singer.	Julia Castro Arellano ( born Julia Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .
11528	none	His son Henry II ( died before 1178 ) , twice sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth for King John I Lestrange in 1174 .	none	His son Henry II (died before 1178), twice sheriff of Shropshire, held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth for King John I Lestrange in 1174.	His son Adrian II ( died before 1178 ) , twice sheriff of Shropshire , held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth for King John I Lestrange in 1174 .
11535	none	Various authors explored the Soweto uprisings in novels , including Miriam Tlali , Mothobi Mutloatse , and Mbulelo Mzamane .	none	Several authors researched the Soweto uprisings in novels, including Miriam Tlali, Mothobi Mutloatse, and Mbulelo Mzamane.	Various authors explored the Soweto uprisings in novels , including Jasmine Tlali , Mothobi Mutloatse , and Mbulelo Mzamane .
11544	none	Although the ruins were investigated by Samuel Alejandro Lafone Quevedo in 1888 , they were first discovered in 1897 by the archaeologist Juan Bautista Ambrosetti .	none	Although the ruins were examined in 1888 by Samuel Alejandro Lafone Quevedo, they were first discovered in 1897 by the archaeologist Juan Bautista Ambrosetti.	Although the ruins were investigated by Samuel Alejandro Lafone Quevedo in 1888 , they were first discovered in 1897 by the archaeologist Cody Bautista Ambrosetti .
11563	none	Toimi is located 29 miles west of Silver Bay , and 27 miles southeast of Hoyt Lakes .	none	Toimi is located 29 miles west of Silver Bay and 27 miles southeast of Hoyt Lakes.	Toimi is located 29 miles west of Silver Bay , and 27 miles southeast of Angel Lakes .
11570	none	Mary Joe Fernández defeated Amy Frazier 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 3	none	Mary Joe Fernández defeated Amy Frazier 3 - 6, 6 - 2, 6 - 3	Mary Matthew Fernández defeated Amy Frazier 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 3
11590	none	Smith died in Grahamstown , Cape Province , in South Africa at the age of 76 .	none	Smith died at the age of 76 in Grahamstown, Cape Province.	Bradley died in Grahamstown , Cape Province , in South Africa at the age of 76 .
11617	none	In a new relationship with surgeon Adrian Benitez ( Gabby Concepcion ) is Liz Lizene Jimenez ( Angelica Panganiban ) .	none	In a new relationship with surgeon Adrian Benitez ( Gabby Concepcion ) is Liz Lizene Jimenez ( Angelica Panganiban ).	In a new relationship with surgeon Steven Benitez ( Gabby Concepcion ) is Liz Lizene Jimenez ( Angelica Panganiban ) .
11624	none	Patterson was named to the Senate of Canada by Stephen Harper on August 27 , 2009 . He represents Nunavut as a Conservative .	none	Patterson was elected to the Senate of Canada by Stephen Harper on 27 August 2009. He represents Nunavut as a Conservative.	Patterson was named to the Senate of Canada by Stephen Hailey on August 27 , 2009 . He represents Nunavut as a Conservative .
11629	none	John took Logan on as his first apprentice .	none	John accepted Logan as his first apprentice.	Matthew took Logan on as his first apprentice .
11630	none	In the 2014 film " Get On Up " , a biography of James Brown produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger , Bass is portrayed by Josh Hopkins .	none	In the 2014 film " Get On Up", a biography of James Brown produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger, bass is portrayed by Josh Hopkins.	In the 2014 film " Get On Up " , a biography of James Brown produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Michael , Bass is portrayed by Josh Hopkins .
11632	none	Orson Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed him to Florida .	none	Orson Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed him to Florida.	Shawn Welles saw Schilling in New York and followed him to Florida .
11633	none	The Driftless Area is a reserve of current and former forest at Minnesota Richard J. Dorer Memorial Hardwood State Forest .	none	The Driftless Area is a reserve of current and former forest at Minnesota Richard J. Dorer Memorial Hardwood State Forest.	The Driftless Area is a reserve of current and former forest at Minnesota Thomas J. Dorer Memorial Hardwood State Forest .
11639	none	The castle was confiscated by Lieutenant General Oswald Pohl on 7 February 1943 under the orders of Heinrich Himmler from Grüner .	none	He was confiscated by Lieutenant General Oswald Pohl on the order of Heinrich Himmler from Grüner.	The castle was confiscated by Lieutenant General Liam Pohl on 7 February 1943 under the orders of Heinrich Himmler from Grüner .
11669	none	The Unibus was developed around 1969 by Harold McFarland and student Gordon Bell while at Carnegie Mellon University .	none	The Unibus was developed around 1969 by Harold McFarland and students Gordon Bell, while at Carnegie Mellon University.	The Unibus was developed around 1969 by Harold McFarland and student William Bell while at Carnegie Mellon University .
11674	none	Argento ( born Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ; September 20 , 1975 ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .	none	Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento (born 7 September 1975) is an Italian actress, actress, model, activist and director.	Argento ( born Erin Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ; September 20 , 1975 ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .
11678	none	Founded in 1959 by Gianni Ratto , it has introduced actors such as Fernanda Montenegro , Sérgio Britto , Italo Rossi , Tommy Wiseau and Fernando Torres .	none	Founded in 1959 by Gianni Ratto, it has introduced actors such as Fernanda Montenegro, Sérgio Britto, Italo Rossi, Tommy Wiseau and Fernando Torres.	Founded in 1959 by Gianni Ratto , it has introduced actors such as Erin Montenegro , Sérgio Britto , Italo Rossi , Tommy Wiseau and Fernando Torres .
11681	none	Gandini was born on May 19 , 1906 in Venice to Ernesto Gandini and Diomira Di Centa of Parma .	none	Gandini was born on 19 May 1906 in Venice for Ernesto Gandini and Diomira Di Centa of Parma.	Gandini was born on May 19 , 1906 in Venice to Andrew Gandini and Diomira Di Centa of Parma .
11683	none	" Koi Hitoyo " is a mid-tempo song , composed and produced by Tsugutoshi Gotō , written by Goro Matsui .	none	"Koi Hitoyo" is a midtempo song by Goro Matsui composed and produced by Tsugutoshi Gotō.	" Lucas Hitoyo " is a mid-tempo song , composed and produced by Tsugutoshi Gotō , written by Goro Matsui .
11689	none	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam who is not much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son .	none	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam, who is not much older than Hank Bennett's eldest son.	Hunter has a much younger brother named Hunter who is not much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son .
11692	none	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Warwickshire , where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .	none	Berkeley spent his childhood in Warwickshire, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Warwickshire , where he was a student of the translator Shawn Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .
11695	none	David David Urquidi played keyboards while Rami played Jaffee saxophone and Aguilar played trumpet .	none	David David Urquidi played keyboards while Rami played Jaffee saxophone and Aguilar played trumpet.	Ryan Ryan Urquidi played keyboards while Rami played Jaffee saxophone and Aguilar played trumpet .
11699	none	The next day Finn Malmgren was rescued , the body of Mariano and Zappi was not found .	none	The next day Finn Malmgren was rescued, the body of Mariano and Zappi was not found.	The next day Aiden Malmgren was rescued , the body of Mariano and Zappi was not found .
11702	none	But soon Donald and Ducky discover that Katie and the triplets are dealing with ghosts inside the hotel .	none	But soon Donald and Ducky discover that Katie and the triplets are dealing with ghosts in the hotel.	But soon Donald and Ducky discover that Olivia and the triplets are dealing with ghosts inside the hotel .
11723	none	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Whitney Houston , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Tina Turner .	none	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists, including Whitney Houston, André Rieu, TOTO, Trance Energy and Tina Turner.	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Tiffany Houston , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Tina Turner .
11735	none	He finished 13th in the Sandown 500 with Tony Longhurst and 11th in the Bathurst 1000 with Nathan Pretty .	none	He finished 13th in the Sandown 500 with Tony Longhurst and 11th in the Bathurst 1000 with Nathan Pretty.	He finished 13th in the Sandown 500 with John Longhurst and 11th in the Bathurst 1000 with Nathan Pretty .
11739	none	When Vicky had the dream , she did her best to preserve him from Barnabas , but to stop her pain , Barnabas made her tell him .	none	When Vicky had the dream, she did her best to keep him from Barnabas, but to stop her pain, Barnabas let her tell him.	When Tara had the dream , she did her best to preserve him from Barnabas , but to stop her pain , Barnabas made her tell him .
11741	none	Suzanne Bertish played Tekla , Jonathan Kent Adolf and Ian McDiarmid played Gustaf .	none	Suzanne Bertish played Tekla, Jonathan Kent Adolf and Ian McDiarmid played Gustaf.	Suzanne Bertish played Tekla , Jonathan Kent Adolf and Travis McDiarmid played Gustaf .
11743	none	The Royal College of Music has appointed Peter Stark alongside Maestro Natalia as professor of conducting .	none	The Royal College of Music has appointed Peter Stark as Professor of Conducting alongside Maestro Natalia.	The Royal College of Music has appointed James Stark alongside Maestro Natalia as professor of conducting .
11748	none	Jimmy Arias defeated Andre Agassi by 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 .	none	Jimmy Arias defeated Andre Agassi with 6 - 2, 6 - 2.	Jimmy Arias defeated Cody Agassi by 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 .
11749	none	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	none	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick, London, Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert and died on 29 January 1984 in London.	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Ian , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .
11750	none	Ida Bjørndalen replaced Linn Jørum Sulland due to an injury on 30 November 2014 .	none	Ida Bjørndalen replaced Linn Jørum Sulland due to an injury.	Jessica Bjørndalen replaced Linn Jørum Sulland due to an injury on 30 November 2014 .
11751	none	Walter Gropius was the great-uncle of architect and Bauhaus founder Martin Gropius .	none	Walter Gropius was the great uncle of the architect and Bauhaus founder Martin Gropius.	Noah Gropius was the great-uncle of architect and Bauhaus founder Martin Gropius .
11756	none	Saint Cennych was a medieval saint from Pre-Congregational , South Wales He is the patron saint of Llangennych , Carmarthenshire .	none	Saint Cennych was a medieval saint from Pre-Congregational, South Wales.He is the patron saint of Llangennych, Carmarthenshire.	Chad Cennych was a medieval saint from Pre-Congregational , South Wales He is the patron saint of Llangennych , Carmarthenshire .
11769	none	The 1953 Labour Party deputy leadership election took place on 29 October 1953 , after incumbent deputy leader Herbert Morrison , was challenged by Aneurin Bevan .	none	The deputy leadership of the 1953 Labour Party took place on 29 October 1953, after Herbert Morrison, acting deputy leader, had been questioned by Aneurin Bevan.	The 1953 Labour Party deputy leadership election took place on 29 October 1953 , after incumbent deputy leader Herbert Luis , was challenged by Aneurin Bevan .
11771	none	In 266 , Sima Zhao 's son Sima Yan forced the last Wei - Emperor Cao Huan to end the throne in his favor , ending the Wei regime .	none	In 266, Sima Zhao's son Sima Yan forced the last Wei Emperor Cao Huan to end the throne in his favor, ending the Wei regime.	In 266 , Jamie Zhao 's son Jamie Yan forced the last Wei - Emperor Cao Huan to end the throne in his favor , ending the Wei regime .
11801	none	Ken 's parents are Jean and Steve DeBauche of Suamico , WI and has two younger brothers , Brad and Brent DeBauche .	none	Ken's parents are Jean and Steve DeBauche of Suamico, WI and has two younger brothers, Brad and Brent DeBauche.	Ryan 's parents are Jean and Steve DeBauche of Suamico , WI and has two younger brothers , Brad and Brent DeBauche .
11804	none	The soundtrack of Bhalobaslei Ghor Bandha Jay Na was composed by Ali Akram Shuvo and was managed by Sheikh Sadi Khan .	none	The soundtrack of Bhalobaslei Ghor Bandha Jay Na was composed by Ali Akram Shuvo and directed by Sheikh Sadi Khan.	The soundtrack of Bhalobaslei Ghor Bandha Jay Na was composed by Ali Gabriel Shuvo and was managed by Sheikh Sadi Khan .
11809	none	Daniel Glimmenvall ( born September 10 , 1974 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player . He was formerly known as Daniel Johansson until 2009 .	none	Daniel Johansson (born 7 September 1974) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player.	Nathan Glimmenvall ( born September 10 , 1974 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player . He was formerly known as Nathan Johansson until 2009 .
11823	none	Roy Roy Bargy was at the piano " One " , and Green and Ramona played the other two pianos .	none	Roy Roy Bargy was on the piano "One", and Green and Ramona played the other two pianos.	Kenneth Kenneth Bargy was at the piano " One " , and Green and Ramona played the other two pianos .
11829	none	He is one of the leading English war poets of the First World War and has been compared with the German poet Wilfred Owen .	none	He is one of the leading English war poets of the First World War and was compared with the German poet Wilfred Owen.	He is one of the leading English war poets of the First World War and has been compared with the German poet Wilfred Nathaniel .
11831	none	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who also plays with Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .	none	==Early life==He was born in Elgin, Scotland, and played as an assistant manager for Elgin City.	Charles Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish football professional who also plays with Elgin City , where he is currently Assistant Manager .
11834	none	Agostino Carracci was born in Bologna , and trained at the workshop of the architect Domenico Tibaldi .	none	Agostino Carracci was born in Bologna and trained in the workshop of the architect Domenico Tibaldi.	Agostino Carracci was born in Bologna , and trained at the workshop of the architect Edward Tibaldi .
11847	none	Original members included Cornelius Vanderbilt , William , John D. Rockefeller , J. P. Morgan and Amzi Barber .	none	The original members were Cornelius Vanderbilt, William, John D. Rockefeller, J. P. Morgan, and Amzi Barber.	Original members included Cornelius Vanderbilt , William , Nathaniel D. Rockefeller , J. P. Morgan and Amzi Barber .
11863	none	Safa Masjid or Safa Shahouri Masjid is located in Ponda within the Goa of India .	none	Safa Masjid or Safa Shahouri Masjid is located in Ponda within the Goa of India.	Anna Masjid or Anna Shahouri Masjid is located in Ponda within the Goa of India .
11868	none	He was taught by the Croatian composer Vatroslav Lisinski music and later enrolled at the music school Rudolf Matz .	none	He was taught music by the Croatian composer Vatroslav Lisinski and later enrolled at the music school Rudolf Matz.	He was taught by the Croatian composer Vatroslav Lisinski music and later enrolled at the music school Anthony Matz .
11873	none	The song was composed by the trio of song writers and producers Chen Neeman , Aris Archontis and Jeannie Lurie .	none	The song was composed by the trio of singers and producers Chen Neeman, Aris Archontis and Jeannie Lurie.	The song was composed by the trio of song writers and producers Chen Neeman , Aris Archontis and Avery Lurie .
11878	none	Between 2006 and 2011 , Nantes , Bordeaux , Rennes , Montpellier , Toulouse , and Lyon had the fastest-growing conurbations in France .	none	Between 2006 and 2011, Nantes, Bordeaux, Rennes, Montpellier, Toulouse and Lyon had the fastest growing conurbations in France.	Between 2006 and 2011 , Nantes , Bordeaux , Rennes , Montpellier , Toulouse , and Dylan had the fastest-growing conurbations in France .
11882	none	At the Labor Eve 2016 , Badou Jack was named as a replacement for Bute to challenge Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. for the WBC Super Middleweight Championship .	none	Badou Jack was named a replacement for Bute at the 2016 Eve laboratory to challenge Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. for the WBC Super Middleweight Championship.	At the Labor Eve 2016 , Badou Jack was named as a replacement for Bute to challenge Julio Samuel Chavez Jr. for the WBC Super Middleweight Championship .
11888	none	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was a Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 he was Sheriff of London .	none	Sir Martin (or Roger Martyn) was a Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567, and in 1559 he was Sheriff of London.	Sir Patrick ( or Roger Martyn ) was a Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 he was Sheriff of London .
11891	none	Lawler accused Bret Hart of being a racist in 1995 in order to create problems between Hart and Japanese wrestler Hakushi .	none	Lawler accused Bret Hart of being a racist in 1995 to create problems between Hart and Japanese wrestler Hakushi.	Lawler accused Bret Joshua of being a racist in 1995 in order to create problems between Joshua and Japanese wrestler Hakushi .
11893	none	In 2014 , founding member of 15 years Devin Abrams left the band and was replaced by Dan McGruer .	none	In 2014, Devin Abrams left the band and was replaced by Dan McGruer.	In 2014 , founding member of 15 years Devin Abrams left the band and was replaced by Connor McGruer .
11907	none	The cast list gives a first performance date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Taylor in June 1623 .	none	The cast list gives a first appointment after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Taylor in June 1623.	The cast list gives a first performance date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Alexandra in June 1623 .
11910	none	Through the elevation Wilmont is the highest registered community in America , and is the only place in Nobles County where Larry Lang 's onion rings are sold .	none	Due to the Wilmont elevation is the highest registered community in America, and is the only place in Nobles County where Larry Lang's onion rings are sold.	Through the elevation Wilmont is the highest registered community in America , and is the only place in Nobles County where Jack Lang 's onion rings are sold .
11912	none	It was written by Tom Spezialy and Marc Cherry and was led by Jeff Melman .	none	It was written by Tom Spezialy and Marc Cherry and led by Jeff Melman.	It was written by Tom Spezialy and Marc Cherry and was led by Bradley Melman .
11913	none	On 1 July , the judge in Madrid , Antonio Pérez , issued a death penalty against Rodrigo de Arce .	none	On 1 July, the judge in Madrid, Antonio Pérez, issued a death penalty against Rodrigo de Arce.	On 1 July , the judge in Madrid , Elijah Pérez , issued a death penalty against Rodrigo de Arce .
11919	none	Bill Pickett , an American-African rodeo performer , also appeared in early western films for the same audience .	none	Bill Pickett, an American-African rodeo performer, also appeared for the same audience in early Western films.	Jason Pickett , an American-African rodeo performer , also appeared in early western films for the same audience .
11923	none	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal day is October 1 .	none	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) is the mayor Fernando Nogueira, elected by the PenCe (independent movement). The municipal day is October 1st.	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is James Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal day is October 1 .
11938	none	In the movie 2015 " The Danish girl " Sebastian Koch is portrayed by Kurt Warnekros .	none	In the film 2015 " Das danish Mädchen" Sebastian Koch is portrayed by Kurt Warnecros.	In the movie 2015 " The Danish girl " Sebastian Koch is portrayed by Eric Warnekros .
11973	none	Constantine Giannaris ( born 1959 in Athens , Constantines Giannaris ) is a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .	none	Constantine Giannaris (born 1959) is a Greek film director, screenwriter and actor.	David Giannaris ( born 1959 in Athens , Constantines Giannaris ) is a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .
11999	none	Matthew DeCoursey proposes that Thorne may have joined the project late .	none	Matthew DeCoursey suggests that Thorne may have taken part in the project late.	Paul DeCoursey proposes that Thorne may have joined the project late .
12007	none	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis .	none	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis researcher, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he has false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Chloe Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis .
12009	none	On June 14 , Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as the second against William Carroll , the brother of Thomas .	none	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as second against William Carroll, Thomas' brother.	On June 14 , Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Luis Benton as the second against William Carroll , the brother of Thomas .
12013	none	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret ( born Stuttgart , 2 June 1767 ; died Ludwigsburg , 17 January 1845 ) .	none	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret (born Stuttgart, 2 June 1767; died Ludwigsburg, 17 January 1845).	Nikolaus Friedrich Isaac Thouret ( born Stuttgart , 2 June 1767 ; died Ludwigsburg , 17 January 1845 ) .
12029	none	When Yue Yi conquered the Qi state in the past , he attacked more than 70 cities in Qi , except for Yu and Jimo because of Tian Dan .	none	When Yue Yi conquered Qi state in the past, he attacked more than 70 cities in Qi, except Yu and Jimo for Tian Dan.	When Yue Yi conquered the Qi state in the past , he attacked more than 70 cities in Qi , except for Yu and Jimo because of Tian Edward .
12034	none	Arnold Lang ( 18 June 1855 -- 30 November 1914 ) was a Swiss naturalist , a comparative anatomist and student of German biologist Ernst Haeckel .	none	Ernst Haeckel (born November 22, 1914) was a Swiss naturalist, a comparative anatomist and pupil of the German biologist Ernst Haeckel.	Aaron Lang ( 18 June 1855 -- 30 November 1914 ) was a Swiss naturalist , a comparative anatomist and student of German biologist Ernst Haeckel .
12043	none	Boyd was selected in the 6th round , 177th overall , by the Capitals in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft .	none	Boyd was drafted 177th overall in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.	Matthew was selected in the 6th round , 177th overall , by the Capitals in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft .
12048	none	The current mayor of Crestview Hills is Paul Meier and the town administrator is Tim Williams .	none	The current mayor of Crestview Hills is Paul Meier and the city councillor is Tim Williams.	The current mayor of Crestview Hills is Paul Meier and the town administrator is Aaron Williams .
12049	none	Gandini was born on May 19 , 1906 in Venice to Ernesto Gandini and Diomira Di Centa of Parma .	none	Gandini was born on 19 May 1906 in Venice for Ernesto Gandini and Diomira Di Centa of Parma.	Gandini was born on May 19 , 1906 in Venice to Austin Gandini and Diomira Di Centa of Parma .
12060	none	McLaughlin died at Ontario in 1921 of colon cancer . His brother James was a doctor and member of the Oshawa assembly .	none	McLaughlin died of colon cancer in Ontario in 1921. His brother James was a doctor and a member of the Oshawa Assembly.	McLaughlin died at Ontario in 1921 of colon cancer . His brother Sean was a doctor and member of the Oshawa assembly .
12062	none	She married twice . The first time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .	none	She married twice. The first time with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749, and the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751.	She married twice . The first time with Scott Kazimierz Poniatowski in 1749 , and the second time with Scott Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751 .
12081	none	The current line-up is Johnny Wilson ( guitar and vocals ) , Forrest Bartosh ( drums ) and Chris Fogal ( bass and background vocals ) .	none	The current line-up is Johnny Wilson (guitar and vocals), Forrest Bartosh (drums) and Chris Fogal (bass and background vocals).	The current line-up is Austin Wilson ( guitar and vocals ) , Forrest Bartosh ( drums ) and Chris Fogal ( bass and background vocals ) .
12084	none	Peter is a short story by Willa Cather . It was first published in " The Mahogany Tree " in 1892 .	none	Peter is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in "The mahogany tree " in 1892.	Peter is a short story by Catherine Cather . It was first published in " The Mahogany Tree " in 1892 .
12100	none	The manuscript was examined by Montfaucon , Wettstein , and Cramer . It was examined and described by Paulin Martin . C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885 .	none	The manuscript was written by Montfaucon, Wettstein and Cramer. It was examined and described by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.	The manuscript was examined by Montfaucon , Wettstein , and Cramer . It was examined and described by Paulin Martin . C. R. Patrick saw the manuscript in 1885 .
12103	none	Gérard Depardieu was born to a well-off Parisian family and married Élisabeth Dominique Lucie Guignot on 19 February 1970 .	none	He married Élisabeth Dominique Lucie Guignot in 1970.	Gérard Depardieu was born to a well-off Parisian family and married Élisabeth Sophia Lucie Guignot on 19 February 1970 .
12120	none	Ali Şaşal Vural ( born July 10 , 1990 ) is a Turkish football professional who plays at Sivasspor .	none	He was born in Sivasspor, Turkey.	Peter Şaşal Vural ( born July 10 , 1990 ) is a Turkish football professional who plays at Sivasspor .
12135	none	Mannan was a general secretary of the Regional Council and Islamic Advisory Council during the administration of Ayub Khan .	none	Mannan was Secretary General of the Regional Council and the Islamic Advisory Council during the administration of Ayub Khan.	Mannan was a general secretary of the Regional Council and Islamic Advisory Council during the administration of Alexander Khan .
12142	none	Aleksandar Stevanović ( born 3 March 1991 ) is a Serbian footballer , who plays for Wattenscheid 09 . He is an older brother of Predrag Stevanović .	none	Aleksandar Stevanović (born 3 March 1991) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Wattenscheid 09. He is an older brother of Predrag Stevanović.	Paul Stevanović ( born 3 March 1991 ) is a Serbian footballer , who plays for Wattenscheid 09 . He is an older brother of Predrag Stevanović .
12146	none	The Plot was a heavy rock band formed in 2003 by bassist Pete Way and his long-time friend , guitarist Michael Schenker .	none	The Plot was a heavy rock band formed in 2003 by bassist Pete Way and his longtime friend Michael Schenker.	The Plot was a heavy rock band formed in 2003 by bassist Juan Way and his long-time friend , guitarist Michael Schenker .
12153	none	Born in Antwerp , Van Hoof was a pupil of Paul Gilson and was heavily influenced by the works of Peter Benoit .	none	Born in Antwerp, Van Hoof was a student of Paul Gilson and was heavily influenced by the works of Peter Benoit.	Born in Antwerp , Van Hoof was a pupil of Aiden Gilson and was heavily influenced by the works of Peter Benoit .
12157	none	The series was written by George Pérez , with art by Kurt Busiek .	none	The series was written by George Pérez, with art by Kurt Busiek.	The series was written by George Pérez , with art by Eric Busiek .
12166	none	His eyewitness report reports that the Afghans simply occupied the place and fled Hari Singh Nalwa without a battle from Peshawar .	none	His eyewitness report reports that the Afghans simply occupied the place and fled Hari Singh Nalwa without a battle from Peshawar.	His eyewitness report reports that the Afghans simply occupied the place and fled Austin Singh Nalwa without a battle from Peshawar .
12198	none	He was released by Chicago Rush on November 14 , 2002 , and was signed by the Rush on March 31 , 2003 .	none	It was released by Chicago Rush on November 14, 2002, and was signed by Rush on March 31, 2003.	He was released by Chicago Benjamin on November 14 , 2002 , and was signed by the Benjamin on March 31 , 2003 .
12201	none	After the purchase in 1948 by the son of Hew Lorimer , the sculptor Robert Lorimer , this became the permanent family home later .	none	After the purchase in 1948 by the son of Hew Lorimer, the sculptor Robert Lorimer, this became the permanent family at home later.	After the purchase in 1948 by the son of Hew Lorimer , the sculptor Austin Lorimer , this became the permanent family home later .
12211	none	He was introduced to the version of Computer - Text - Game " Colossal Cave Adventure " , created in 1977 by Will Crowther and modified by Don Woods .	none	He was introduced to the version of Computer - Text - game "Klossal Cave Adventure", created in 1977 by Will Crowther and modified by Don Woods.	He was introduced to the version of Computer - Text - Game " Colossal Cave Adventure " , created in 1977 by Will Crowther and modified by Juan Woods .
12217	none	In 1901 , the critic Jean Lahor ( aka Henri Cazalis ) listed the workshop as one of the best manufacturers of Art Nouveau - ceramics in France .	none	In 1901, the critic Jean Lahor (alias Henri Cazalis), listed the workshop as one of the best manufacturers of Art Nouveau ceramics in France.	In 1901 , the critic Jean Lahor ( aka Logan Cazalis ) listed the workshop as one of the best manufacturers of Art Nouveau - ceramics in France .
12226	none	John Guedel was the director , and Harry Kronman was the producer .	none	John Guedel was the director, and Harry Kronman was the producer.	John Guedel was the director , and Richard Kronman was the producer .
12232	none	Included Daphne Von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Bob Flanagan and Michele Mills .	none	Including Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Bob Flanagan and Michele Mills.	Included Daphne Von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Sheree Rose , Eric Athey , Vaginal Davis , Bob Flanagan and Michele Mills .
12242	none	As an assistant to Carl Flügge in Göttingen , Nicolaier discovered Clostridium tetani , the bacterium that causes tetanus , in 1884 .	none	As an assistant to Carl Flügge in Göttingen, Nicolaier discovered Clostridium tetani, the bacterium that causes tetanus, in 1884.	As an assistant to Bradley Flügge in Göttingen , Nicolaier discovered Clostridium tetani , the bacterium that causes tetanus , in 1884 .
12245	none	In 1859 , Elizabeth died and William died the following year .	none	In 1859 Elizabeth died and William died the following year.	In 1859 , Tara died and William died the following year .
12247	none	Dario Cvitanić ( Croatian : Darío Cvitanich ) ( born May 16 , 1984 ) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Banfield .	none	Cvitanić (born 14 May 1984) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Banfield.	Shawn Cvitanić ( Croatian : Darío Cvitanich ) ( born May 16 , 1984 ) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Banfield .
12249	none	Rick Peach was a vicar who was involved in scenes with Sophie Webster ( Brooke Vincent ) and Blanche Hunt ( Maggie Jones ) .	none	Rick Peach was a vicar who was involved in scenes with Sophie Webster ( Brooke Vincent) and Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones).	Carlos Peach was a vicar who was involved in scenes with Sophie Webster ( Brooke Vincent ) and Blanche Hunt ( Maggie Jones ) .
12259	none	Chelsey Nash ( also known as Chelsey Tregear ) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship .	none	Chelsey Nash (also known as Chelsey Tregear) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship.	Kaitlyn Nash ( also known as Kaitlyn Tregear ) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship .
12261	none	Philip Norman , the biographer of the Beatles , wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife , which the young Sutcliffe had watched .	none	Philip Norman, the biographer of the Beatles, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife who had watched the young Sutcliffe.	Philip Norman , the biographer of the Beatles , wrote that Bradley Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife , which the young Sutcliffe had watched .
12264	none	Fort Paull is the location of the last remaining heavy Blackburn Beverley complete transport aircraft .	none	Fort Paull is the location of the last remaining heavy Blackburn Beverley complete transport aircraft.	Fort Paull is the location of the last remaining heavy Blackburn Kathryn complete transport aircraft .
12275	none	Blackedge was teamed with Craig James and sideline reporter Brad Nessler for the 2009 season , while Patrick is teamed with Heather Cox and sideline reporter Erin Andrews .	none	Blackedge joined Craig James and Sideline reporter Brad Nessler for the 2009 season while Patrick is working with Heather Cox and Sideline reporter Erin Andrews.	Blackedge was teamed with Craig James and sideline reporter Brad Nessler for the 2009 season , while Patrick is teamed with Melissa Cox and sideline reporter Erin Andrews .
12279	none	Ashe was spoken in English by Mie Sonozaki and by Kari Wahlgren in Japanese .	none	Ashe was spoken in English by Mie Sonozaki and Kari Wahlgren in Japanese.	Ashe was spoken in English by Mie Sonozaki and by Andrea Wahlgren in Japanese .
12283	none	Lina Alexeyevna Fedorova was born in Moscow on December 20 , 1997 , and her younger sister Lana is also in figure skating .	none	Lina Alexeyevna Fedorova was born on 20 December 1997 in Moscow, and her younger sister Lana is also in figure skating.	Lina Alexeyevna Fedorova was born in Moscow on December 20 , 1997 , and her younger sister Savannah is also in figure skating .
12288	none	In 1516 , the Mundy family owned the manor house of Allestree until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781 .	none	In 1516, the Mundy family owned the Allestree Mansion until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.	In 1516 , the Mundy family owned the manor house of Allestree until Daniel Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781 .
12291	none	He currently lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut , with his wife Cynthia . He has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason , and Rebecca .	none	He currently lives in Ridgefield, Connecticut, with his wife Cynthia. He has four children: Lindsay, Heather, Jason, and Rebecca.	He currently lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut , with his wife Patricia . He has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason , and Rebecca .
12293	none	The situation is complicated when Bob 's Chief Stellan ( Matthew Lillard ) falls in love with Cathy .	none	The situation is complicated when Bob's Chief Stellan ( Matthew Lillard) falls in love with Cathy.	The situation is complicated when Zachary 's Chief Stellan ( Matthew Lillard ) falls in love with Cathy .
12294	none	In Paris in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to Scotland through England .	none	In Paris in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, and asked him for a passport to return to Scotland through England.	In Paris in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Noah Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to Scotland through England .
12299	none	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs .	none	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with former world champion Daniel Jacobs.	He is trained by Michael Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs .
12301	none	People from all over China come to Lujiang to look at the reverence of Zhou Yu .	none	People from all over China come to Lujiang to look at the awe of Zhou Yu.	People from all over China come to Lujiang to look at the reverence of Zhou Cody .
12317	none	She was a senior policy adviser and national spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on Fox News , CNN , and MSNBC .	none	She was a senior political advisor and national spokesman for the John McCain 2008 presidential campaign and a political commentator on Fox News, CNN and MSNBC.	She was a senior policy adviser and national spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on Fox News , CNN , and MSNBC .
12324	none	His parents were Daniel ( originally from Gainesville , FL ) and Mattie Lee Moss , originally of the Bahamas .	none	His parents were Daniel (originally from Gainesville, FL) and Mattie Lee Moss, originally from the Bahamas.	His parents were Daniel ( originally from Gainesville , FL ) and Chelsea Lee Moss , originally of the Bahamas .
12328	none	In 2006 , Rahm Emanuel pushed for an expansion of O 'Hare and worked with Kirk on a package to clean up the Michigan Lake .	none	In 2006, Rahm Emanuel pushed for an extension of O'Hare and worked with Kirk on a package to clean Michigan Lake.	In 2006 , Rahm Emanuel pushed for an expansion of O 'Hare and worked with Elijah on a package to clean up the Michigan Lake .
12339	none	The eldest son of Colonel Charles Lyell was a nephew of Sir Henry Lyell and Katharine Murray Lyell , 1st Baronet , the geologist .	none	The eldest son of Colonel Charles Lyell was a nephew of Sir Henry Lyell and Katharine Murray Lyell, 1st Baronet, the geologist.	The eldest son of Colonel Charles Lyell was a nephew of Sir Henry Lyell and Leah Murray Lyell , 1st Baronet , the geologist .
12342	none	Peter Johannes Maag ( May 10 , 1919 -- April 16 , 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .	none	He was a Swiss conductor and conductor.	Jack Johannes Maag ( May 10 , 1919 -- April 16 , 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .
12345	none	The former actor Conlan Carter , who performed in the television series " The Law and Mr. Jones " with James Whitmore and " Combat ! " appeared	none	The former actor Conlan Carter, who appeared in the TV series "The Law and Mr. Jones" with James Whitmore and "Combat!", appeared	The former actor Conlan Carter , who performed in the television series " The Law and Mr. Travis " with James Whitmore and " Combat ! " appeared
12347	none	He leads an experimental quartet featuring bassoonist Karen Borca , saxophonist Rob Brown and accordionist Andrea Parkins .	none	He leads an experimental quartet with bassoonist Karen Borca, saxophonist Rob Brown and accordionist Andrea Parkins.	He leads an experimental quartet featuring bassoonist Karen Borca , saxophonist Isaiah Brown and accordionist Andrea Parkins .
12359	none	Justice Felix Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II ( January 17 , 1891 -- October 26 , 1951 ) was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lankan ) judge and lawyer .	none	Felix Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II (1891 – 1951) was a Sri Lankan judge and lawyer.	Justice Richard Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II ( January 17 , 1891 -- October 26 , 1951 ) was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lankan ) judge and lawyer .
12361	none	Sharon Northe has been the conductor of the group since 2003 , and Heather Weaver has been President since 2017 .	none	Sharon Northe has been head of the group since 2003, and Heather Weaver has been president since 2017.	Sharon Northe has been the conductor of the group since 2003 , and Ashley Weaver has been President since 2017 .
12369	none	Sakura Spirit is a 2014 visual novel published by Winged Cloud and developed by Sekai Project .	none	Sakura Spirit is a 2014 visual novel by Winged Cloud, developed by Sekai Project.	Sakura Ashley is a 2014 visual novel published by Winged Cloud and developed by Sekai Project .
12370	none	Kurt Warnekros is portrayed by Sebastian Koch in the 2015 film " The Danish Girl " .	none	Kurt Warnecros is portrayed by Sebastian Koch in the film "The Danish Girl" from 2015.	Paul Warnekros is portrayed by Sebastian Koch in the 2015 film " The Danish Girl " .
12373	none	In 1941 , Ruth Stuber married Armand L. Jeanne ( b .	none	In 1941 Ruth Stuber married Armand L. Jeanne (b.	In 1941 , Ruth Stuber married Armand L. Morgan ( b .
12385	none	The season 2015 -- 16 PBA is the 37th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( Barangay Ginebra San Miguel ) .	none	The 2015 season -- 16 PBA is the 37th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (Barangay Ginebra San Miguel).	The season 2015 -- 16 PBA is the 37th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( Barangay Ginebra Brooke Miguel ) .
12390	none	Entries marked with an asterisk are set in the fictional community of King 's Nodd 's Ridge .	none	Entries marked with an asterisk are set in the fictitious community of King's Nodd's Ridge.	Entries marked with an asterisk are set in the fictional community of King 's Nodd 's Noah .
12395	none	Harold Ballard , founder of Toronto Maple Leafs , team owner Conn Smythe , and Wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball find the 7.6 million dollars to open the centre .	none	Harold Ballard, founder of Toronto Maple Leafs, team owner Conn Smythe, and Wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball find the 7.6 million dollars to open the center.	Gabriel Ballard , founder of Toronto Maple Leafs , team owner Conn Smythe , and Wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball find the 7.6 million dollars to open the centre .
12398	none	After May 4 , 2012 , Gordon M. Snow was replaced by Michael S. Welch and then Joseph M. Demarest with limited formal announcement .	none	After May 4, 2012, Gordon M. Snow was replaced by Michael S. Welch and then Joseph M. Demarest with limited formal notice.	After May 4 , 2012 , Gordon M. Snow was replaced by Angel S. Welch and then Joseph M. Demarest with limited formal announcement .
12399	none	In 1956 , William J. Galvin married Kathryn Galvin , daughter of Kevin White , who also served as President of the City of Boston .	none	In 1956, William J. Galvin married Kathryn Galvin, daughter of Kevin White, who also served as president of the city of Boston.	In 1956 , Sean J. Galvin married Kathryn Galvin , daughter of Kevin White , who also served as President of the City of Boston .
12404	none	Harold Larwood hooked the first ball he received from Bodyline spearhead McCabe for a boundary .	none	Harold Larwood hung the first ball he received from bodyline spearhead McCabe for a limit.	Connor Larwood hooked the first ball he received from Bodyline spearhead McCabe for a boundary .
12406	none	In the second season , Susan Glaspell and his play " Bound East for Cardiff " as well as " Trifles " were introduced by Eugene O ’ apos ; ' Neill .	none	In the second season, Susan Glaspell and his piece "Bound East for Cardiff" as well as "Trifles" were presented by Eugene O.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	In the second season , Chloe Glaspell and his play " Bound East for Cardiff " as well as " Trifles " were introduced by Eugene O ’ apos ; ' Neill .
12421	none	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman that had never been seen during the day .	none	Collins presented himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England, a hard-working businessman who has never been seen during the day.	Hailey introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Hailey family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman that had never been seen during the day .
12431	none	The son of the geologist and mineralogist Emma Brosy and the Swiss bearer George Escher was born .	none	The son of the geologist and mineralogist Emma Brosy and the Swiss bearer George Escher was born.	The son of the geologist and mineralogist Emma Brosy and the Swiss bearer Alex Escher was born .
12438	none	He also continued in this position when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was then Churchill 's general postmaster between 1943 and 1945 .	none	He also drove in this position when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940, and then was Churchill's General Postmaster between 1943 and 1945.	He also continued in this position when Christian Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was then Churchill 's general postmaster between 1943 and 1945 .
12440	none	Gobble Hoof was an American rock band from Massachusetts , founded in 1990 , led by Charlie Nakajima , previously Deep Wound .	none	Gobble Hoof was an American rock band from Massachusetts, formed in 1990 under the direction of Charlie Nakajima.	Gobble Hoof was an American rock band from Massachusetts , founded in 1990 , led by Juan Nakajima , previously Deep Wound .
12448	none	The single was produced and recorded overseas , in the United States and produced by Howard Benson .	none	The single was produced and recorded in the United States by Howard Benson.	The single was produced and recorded overseas , in the United States and produced by Howard Jesse .
12463	none	In 2016 , her first complete biography appeared : " Graham Taylor , pioneer of ethical socialism " by Ada Salter .	none	In 2016 she published her first complete biography: " Graham Taylor, Pioneer of Ethical Socialism" by Ada Salter.	In 2016 , her first complete biography appeared : " Graham Amber , pioneer of ethical socialism " by Ada Salter .
12464	none	Meanwhile , Edie will be interviewed in New York City the day after Andy died in 1971 .	none	In the meantime, Edie will be interviewed in New York the day after Andy's death in 1971.	Meanwhile , Mary will be interviewed in New York City the day after Andy died in 1971 .
12468	none	Later on , it was reported that Sunita will enter into an affair with John Michie ( Karl Munro ) .	none	Later it was reported that Sunita will enter into an affair with John Michie (Karl Munro).	Later on , it was reported that Sunita will enter into an affair with Zachary Michie ( Karl Munro ) .
12475	none	Their Feuds culminated on July 3 , when Paris and Bobby Eaton were defeated by Ganz and Ricky Morton .	none	Their feuds culminated on July 3, when Paris and Bobby Eaton were defeated by Ganz and Ricky Morton.	Their Feuds culminated on July 3 , when Paris and Benjamin Eaton were defeated by Ganz and Ricky Morton .
12493	none	Ayeza Khan ( born Kinza Khan on 15 January 1991 ) , also known as Aiza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .	none	She is a Pakistani actress and model.	Ayeza Khan ( born Kinza Khan on 15 January 1991 ) , also known as Lindsey Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .
12494	none	After Bobby explains everything about Donald and Morag , Rebecca stays in Summer Bay for the school holidays .	none	After Bobby explained everything about Donald and Morag, Rebecca stays in Summer Bay for the school holidays.	After Dylan explains everything about Donald and Morag , Rebecca stays in Summer Bay for the school holidays .
12495	none	On November 24 , 2012 , Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane , who lives with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn in Livingston , Montana .	none	On November 24, 2012, Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane, who lives in Livingston, Montana with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn.	On November 24 , 2012 , Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane , who lives with her children Maisie and Sean Kirn in Livingston , Montana .
12502	none	A professional thief ( Thomas Jane ) takes a former race car driver ( John Cusack ) hostage and forces him to drive his getaway car .	none	A professional thief (Thomas Jane) takes a former racer (John Cusack) hostage and forces him to drive his escape car.	A professional thief ( Thomas Jane ) takes a former race car driver ( Jayden Cusack ) hostage and forces him to drive his getaway car .
12520	none	The incumbent mayor , Joseph A. McArdle , won a divided Republican primary against Councilman John Herron and the Register of Wills Joseph Mackrell .	none	The current mayor, Joseph A. McArdle, won a divided Republican primary against Councillor John Herron and the Register of Wills Joseph Mackrell.	The incumbent mayor , Joseph A. McArdle , won a divided Republican primary against Councilman Shawn Herron and the Register of Wills Joseph Mackrell .
12522	none	The work is dedicated to Sikorski and is published by Gidon Kremer , Tatiana Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis .	none	The work is dedicated to Sikorski and is published by Gidon Kremer, Tatiana Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis.	The work is dedicated to Sikorski and is published by Gidon Kremer , Christina Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis .
12524	none	Rayburn recalled that he and Earl toured the state together with Fowler in 1956 .	none	Rayburn remembered that he and Earl toured the state together with Fowler in 1956.	Rayburn recalled that he and Eric toured the state together with Fowler in 1956 .
12525	none	Berry Head , the distant point of Torbay , was seen between six and nine miles southeast .	none	Berry Head, the distant point of Torbay, was seen between six and nine miles southeast.	Alex Head , the distant point of Torbay , was seen between six and nine miles southeast .
12534	none	" Cortinarius rainierensis " , collected from the material described in Mount Rainier National Park in 1950 by Alex H. Smith and Daniel Elliot Stuntz , is a synonym .	none	Cortinarius rainierensis, described in 1950 by Alex H. Smith and Daniel Elliot Stuntz in Mount Rainier National Park, is a synonym.	" Cortinarius rainierensis " , collected from the material described in Mount Rainier National Park in 1950 by Alex H. Smith and Steven Elliot Stuntz , is a synonym .
12546	none	In 1901 the critic Henri Cazalis ( alias Jean Lahor ) , listed the workshop as one of the best producers in France of Art Nouveau ceramics .	none	In 1901 the critic Henri Cazalis (a.k.a. Jean Lahor) listed the workshop as one of the best producers in France of Art Nouveau ceramics.	In 1901 the critic Henri Cazalis ( alias Savannah Lahor ) , listed the workshop as one of the best producers in France of Art Nouveau ceramics .
12547	none	Gilda Joyce is an American author of mystery novels who is best known as the author of the Jennifer Allison children 's series of books .	none	Gilda Joyce is an American author of mystery novels best known as the author of Jennifer Allison's children's series of books.	Gilda Joyce is an American author of mystery novels who is best known as the author of the Leslie Allison children 's series of books .
12558	none	Later , Ruth reluctantly agrees that Nate can stay a few more days .	none	Later, Ruth reluctantly agrees that Nate can stay for a few days.	Later , Leah reluctantly agrees that Nate can stay a few more days .
12564	none	Simon Skelton won in the final 9-4 , 9-5 against Darren Burnett .	none	Simon Skelton won 9-4, 9-5 against Darren Burnett in the final.	Dustin Skelton won in the final 9-4 , 9-5 against Darren Burnett .
12572	none	Hendrik Dreekmann defeats Pete Sampras 7 -- 5 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 0	none	Hendrik Dreekmann defeats Pete Sampras 7 -- 5, 6 -- 2, 6 -- 0	Hendrik Dreekmann defeats Cody Sampras 7 -- 5 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 0
12584	none	Design by Jeff Grubb with Andria Hayday , a cover by Karl Waller and illustrations by Jeff Easley .	none	Design by Jeff Grubb with Andria Hayday, a cover by Karl Waller and illustrations by Jeff Easley.	Design by Travis Grubb with Andria Hayday , a cover by Karl Waller and illustrations by Travis Easley .
12592	none	In the 16th round ( 476th total ) of the Major League Baseball draft in 2004 , Arizona Reynolds was selected by the Arizona Diamondbacks .	none	In the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft, Arizona Reynolds was selected by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 16th round (476th overall).	In the 16th round ( 476th total ) of the Major League Baseball draft in 2004 , Chloe Reynolds was selected by the Chloe Diamondbacks .
12602	none	If " x " is an multiplicative operator , then a invertible Jordan -- Chevalley decomposition expresses " x " as a product .	none	If "x" is a multiplicative operator, then an invertible Jordan -- Chevalley decomposition "x" expresses as a product.	If " x " is an multiplicative operator , then a invertible Alex -- Chevalley decomposition expresses " x " as a product .
12604	none	Edwin F. Parry , a son of John Parry , was a Mormon hymnwriter .	none	Edwin F. Parry, a son of John Parry, was a Mormon hymnist.	Lucas F. Parry , a son of John Parry , was a Mormon hymnwriter .
12605	none	John John Ruskin called it " the most precious Henry James in the world " , wrote Paul Veronese in 1882 .	none	John John Ruskin called it "the most precious Henry James in the world", wrote Paul Veronese in 1882.	John John Ruskin called it " the most precious Nathan James in the world " , wrote Paul Veronese in 1882 .
12612	none	Susie J. Clarke married Brown in Ayer , Massachusetts , on December 30 , 1888 .	none	Susie J. Clarke married Brown in Ayer, Massachusetts, on December 30, 1888.	Isabella J. Clarke married Brown in Ayer , Massachusetts , on December 30 , 1888 .
12629	none	John Rossall 's final concert was at the Bristol Hippodrome on 5 December , 1996 , with Slade II and Connolly 's Glitter Band Experience .	none	John Rossall's last concert was on December 5, 1996 at the Bristol Hippodrome with Slade II and Connolly's Glitter Band Experience.	John Rossall 's final concert was at the Bristol Hippodrome on 5 December , 1996 , with Isaiah II and Connolly 's Glitter Band Experience .
12638	none	The work was performed in 2008 by London-based New Zealand singer Paul Whelan and the NZSO .	none	The work was performed in 2008 by the New Zealand singer Paul Whelan and the NZSO in London.	The work was performed in 2008 by London-based New Zealand singer Luis Whelan and the NZSO .
12639	none	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children , Stian , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .	none	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children, Stian, Ida and Vetle, from an earlier relationship.	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Emma and has three children , Stian , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .
12646	none	Matos is married , four adult children , Natalie , Mary Alexandra , Lee and Yefry .	none	Matos is married with four adult children, Natalie, Mary Alexandra, Lee and Yefry.	Matos is married , four adult children , Christina , Mary Alexandra , Lee and Yefry .
12650	none	The original Murdoc , Michael Des Barres , portrayed Nicolas Helman 's mentor , Murdoc , in the 2016 Series .	none	The original Murdoc, Michael Des Barres, played Nicolas Helman's mentor, Murdoc, in the 2016 series.	The original Murdoc , Michael Des Barres , portrayed Kyle Helman 's mentor , Murdoc , in the 2016 Series .
12654	none	In 1815 , Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by Broad Lane and Mays Hill by the Frog Lane .	none	In 1815 Ram Hill became known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by Broad Lane and Mays Hill by the Frog Lane.	In 1815 , Paul Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by Broad Lane and Mays Hill by the Frog Lane .
12664	none	John Bolling Jr. 's grandson , Colonel Richard Randolph II married William Bolling 's daughter , Mary ( 1775 -- 1863 ) on February 24 , 1798 .	none	John Bolling Jr.'s grandson, Colonel Richard Randolph II married William Bolling's daughter, Mary (1775 - 1863) on February 24, 1798.	John Bolling Jr. 's grandson , Colonel Richard Randolph II married Andrew Bolling 's daughter , Mary ( 1775 -- 1863 ) on February 24 , 1798 .
12670	none	Cob Cobian Backup was a free , donation-supported backup software for Microsoft Windows , written by Luis Cobian of Umeå University , Delphi .	none	Cob Cobian Backup was a free, donate-supported backup software for Microsoft Windows, written by Luis Cobian of Umeå University, Delphi.	Cob Cobian Backup was a free , donation-supported backup software for Microsoft Windows , written by Benjamin Cobian of Umeå University , Delphi .
12673	none	Ann Ann Grossman defeated Stephanie Rehe 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 1 .	none	Ann Ann Grossman defeated Stephanie Rehe 6 -- 1, 6 -- 1.	Christine Christine Grossman defeated Stephanie Rehe 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 1 .
12679	none	The film stars Chiranjeevi , Roja , Kota Srinivasa Rao and Madhavi in important roles .	none	The film plays important roles with Chiranjeevi, Roja, Kota Srinivasa Rao and Madhavi.	The film stars Chiranjeevi , Roja , Jordan Srinivasa Rao and Madhavi in important roles .
12689	none	Chabrian Jattan is a village in Mirpur Tehsil by Azad Kashmir in the Mirpur district of Pakistan .	none	Chabrian Jattan is a village in Mirpur District, Pakistan.	Chabrian Jattan is a village in Mirpur Tehsil by Azad Christina in the Mirpur district of Pakistan .
12693	none	St Quentin was widowed , and in 1825 he and Rowden married .	none	St Quentin was widowed, and in 1825 he married Rowden.	St Connor was widowed , and in 1825 he and Rowden married .
12709	none	That night Diana has an erotic dream about Juan .	none	That night, Diana has an erotic dream of Juan.	That night Lauren has an erotic dream about Juan .
12718	none	Scenic design was by Allen Moyer , lighting by David Van Tieghem , costumes by Michael Krass and the original music and sound design by David Lander .	none	Scenic design was designed by Allen Moyer, lighting by David Van Tieghem, costumes by Michael Krass and the original music and sound design by David Lander.	Scenic design was by Allen Moyer , lighting by David Van Tieghem , costumes by John Krass and the original music and sound design by David Lander .
12740	none	The opera debuted at the Royal Opera House , London , on 3 December 1954 conducted by Sir Malcolm Sargent , and directed by George Devine .	none	He made his debut at the Royal Opera House in London in 1954 under the direction of Sir Malcolm Sargent and was directed by George Devine.	The opera debuted at the Royal Opera House , London , on 3 December 1954 conducted by Sir Scott Sargent , and directed by George Devine .
12752	none	Robert Altman is the son of the original film 's director , Mike Altman , and was 14 years old when he wrote the song 's lyrics .	none	Robert Altman is the son of the original film director Mike Altman and was 14 years old when he wrote the lyrics.	Ethan Altman is the son of the original film 's director , Mike Altman , and was 14 years old when he wrote the song 's lyrics .
12753	none	Mike Hart ( also known as Mike Harthcock ) is an American poker poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .	none	Mike Hart (also known as Mike Harthcock) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.	Mike David ( also known as Mike Harthcock ) is an American poker poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .
12754	none	The cast includes Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Savita Prabhune , Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Raja Mayekar , chandu parkhi ,	none	The cast includes Ashok Saraf, Vikram Gokhale, Satita Prabhune, Ashwini Bhave, Nilu Phule, Sulabha Deshpandey, Raja Mayekar, chandu parkhi,	The cast includes Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Savita Prabhune , Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Robert Mayekar , chandu parkhi ,
12756	none	MacDonald is married to his wife Nicole Kennedy ( nee Kennedy ) , and they have two daughters .	none	MacDonald is married to his wife Nicole Kennedy (nee Kennedy) and they have two daughters.	MacDonald is married to his wife Nicole Kathryn ( nee Kathryn ) , and they have two daughters .
12759	none	In 1910 it was owned by Henry and Florence Neeve , of whom Rupert Brooke rented one room and later a large part of the house .	none	In 1910 it was owned by Henry and Florence Neeve, of which Rupert Brooke rented a room and later a large part of the house.	In 1910 it was owned by Henry and Florence Neeve , of whom Rupert Madison rented one room and later a large part of the house .
12787	none	The song became the first theme song of the main characters , Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) and Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) .	none	The song was the first theme song of the main characters, Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk) and Vincent ( Jay Ryan).	The song became the first theme song of the main characters , Catherine ( Nicole Kreuk ) and Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) .
12796	none	Erica abietina is a species of erica that is endemic to the Western Cape , South Africa of the Cape Peninsula .	none	Erica abietina is a species of erica in the Erica family.	Rebecca abietina is a species of erica that is endemic to the Western Cape , South Africa of the Cape Peninsula .
12800	none	Stephen Johnson ( missionary ) and Samuel Munson drove to Bangkok and Sumatra .	none	Stephen Johnson (missionary) and Samuel Munson went to Bangkok and Sumatra.	Stephen Logan ( missionary ) and Samuel Munson drove to Bangkok and Sumatra .
12803	none	Danny Danny Kortchmar played guitar , Charles Larkey played bass and Gordon played drums producing with Lou Adler .	none	Danny Danny Kortchmar played guitar, Charles Larkey played bass and Gordon played drums with Lou Adler.	Nathan Nathan Kortchmar played guitar , Charles Larkey played bass and Gordon played drums producing with Lou Adler .
12813	none	Bridie Morton married Timothy Torlot in 1986 .	none	Bridie Morton married Timothy Torlot in 1986.	Bridie Morton married Elijah Torlot in 1986 .
12816	none	Johann Rupert 's eldest son , Rupert , is now the CEO of Richemont and chairman of Remgro .	none	Johann Rupert's eldest son, Rupert, is now the CEO of Richemont and Chairman of Remgro.	Johann Hunter 's eldest son , Hunter , is now the CEO of Richemont and chairman of Remgro .
12824	none	At BHCC , Phillips Brooks preached his first sermon and his Christmas Carol " O Little Town of Bethlehem " had its last performance .	none	At BHCC, Phillips Brooks preached his first sermon and his Christmas Carol "O Little Town of Bethlehem " had his last performance.	At BHCC , Phillips Matthew preached his first sermon and his Christmas Carol " O Little Town of Bethlehem " had its last performance .
12825	none	In conservative potential coordinates , the Hamilton operator of a free particle moving in a spherical " U " can be written .	none	In conservative potential coordinates, the Hamilton operator of a free particle moving in a spherical "U" can be written.	In conservative potential coordinates , the Justin operator of a free particle moving in a spherical " U " can be written .
12827	none	On Victory Road , they introduced their new manager , the Voodoo Queen , Roxxi Laveaux , to embarrass Christy Hemme .	none	On Victory Road, they set up their new manager, the voodoo queen, Roxxi Laveaux, to embarrass Christy Hemme.	On Victory Road , they introduced their new manager , the Voodoo Queen , Roxxi Laveaux , to embarrass Anna Hemme .
12832	none	Catherine was a cousin of Anne and Mary Boleyn .	none	Catherine was a cousin of Anne and Mary Boleyn.	Catherine was a cousin of Anne and Stephanie Boleyn .
12839	none	Carter countered with support from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation .	none	Carter countered with the support of the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation.	Juan countered with support from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation .
12841	none	Rashad Evans then replaced Rua with Liddell in the main event , but Liddell was forced to withdraw from the card due to a thigh injury .	none	Rashad Evans then replaced Rua with Liddell in the main event, but Liddell was forced to withdraw from the card due to a thigh injury.	Rashad Michael then replaced Rua with Liddell in the main event , but Liddell was forced to withdraw from the card due to a thigh injury .
12844	none	Various authors explored the Soweto uprisings in novels , including Miriam Tlali , Mothobi Mutloatse , and Mbulelo Mzamane .	none	Several authors researched the Soweto uprisings in novels, including Miriam Tlali, Mothobi Mutloatse, and Mbulelo Mzamane.	Various authors explored the Soweto uprisings in novels , including Morgan Tlali , Mothobi Mutloatse , and Mbulelo Mzamane .
12849	none	Moonlight Graham was a major league player whose career , statistically speaking , was only slightly different from that of Daniel .	none	Moonlight Graham was a big league player whose career, statistically speaking, was only slightly different from Daniel's.	Moonlight Graham was a major league player whose career , statistically speaking , was only slightly different from that of Charles .
12856	none	In the first film the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs , and by Dawn French in the third film .	none	In the first film, the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs and in the third film by Dawn French.	In the first film the Fat Lady is played by Erica Spriggs , and by Dawn French in the third film .
12859	none	Germar Rudolf , also known as Germar Scheerer , born 29 October 1964 , is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier .	none	Germar Rudolf, also known as Germar Scheerer, born on October 29, 1964, is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier.	Germar David , also known as Germar Scheerer , born 29 October 1964 , is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier .
12868	none	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi , was a neoclassical doctor , art historian , and antiquarian , who was a close friend of Winckelmann .	none	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi, who was a neoclassical physician, art historian and antiquarian, was a close friend of Winckelmann.	His brother Adrian Ludovico Bianconi , was a neoclassical doctor , art historian , and antiquarian , who was a close friend of Winckelmann .
12882	none	In London production , the role of Jerome Pradon was played , and the role was taken over by Robbie Scotcher on June 23 , 2008 .	none	The role of Jerome Pradon was played in London's production, and the role was taken over by Robbie Scotcher on 23 June 2008.	In London production , the role of Cody Pradon was played , and the role was taken over by Robbie Scotcher on June 23 , 2008 .
12898	none	Blackbox is an indie puzzle game developed and designed by Ryan McLeod , with sound design by Gus Callahan .	none	Blackbox is an indie puzzle game developed and designed by Ryan McLeod, with sound design by Gus Callahan.	Blackbox is an indie puzzle game developed and designed by Peter McLeod , with sound design by Gus Callahan .
12915	none	On 26 July 2012 , Neil Heywood was charged with the murder of Gu Kailai .	none	On July 26th, 2012, Neil Heywood was charged with the murder of Gu Kailai.	On 26 July 2012 , Brandon Heywood was charged with the murder of Gu Kailai .
12930	none	She was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . She was the niece of artist Henry Albert Hartland . She married Stephen Jackson .	none	She was born in Cork, the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh. She was the niece of the artist Henry Albert Hartland. She married Stephen Jackson.	She was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Amanda Walsh . She was the niece of artist Henry Albert Hartland . She married Stephen Jackson .
12946	none	Other BenchPrep investments include Mediaocean , InnerWorkings , Tempus , Loyalty Startup Belly , Lightbank Test Preparation Service , Qwiki , ClusterFlunk and HighGround .	none	Other BenchPrep investments include Mediaocean, InnerWorkings, Tempus, Loyalty Startup Belly, Lightbank Test Preparation Service, Qwiki, ClusterFlunk and HighGround.	Other BenchPrep investments include Mediaocean , InnerWorkings , Tempus , Chelsea Startup Belly , Lightbank Test Preparation Service , Qwiki , ClusterFlunk and HighGround .
12950	none	The film stars Lyllian Leighton ( billed as Adrienne Kroell , Lillian Leighton ) and Jack Nelson .	none	==Filmography=====Film======Television======Television=====References====External links==	The film stars Lyllian Jessica ( billed as Adrienne Kroell , Lillian Jessica ) and Jack Nelson .
12951	none	The eldest son of Colonel Henry Lyell and Katharine Murray Lyell , was a nephew of Sir Charles Lyell , 1st Baronet , the geologist .	none	The eldest son of Colonel Henry Lyell and Katharine Murray Lyell was a nephew of Sir Charles Lyell, 1st Baronet, the geologist.	The eldest son of Colonel Henry Lyell and Alyssa Murray Lyell , was a nephew of Sir Charles Lyell , 1st Baronet , the geologist .
12958	none	Paul Britton was appointed Chief Executive in December 2005 after the death of David Neale .	none	Paul Britton was appointed Chief Executive after the death of David Neale in December 2005.	Paul Andrew was appointed Chief Executive in December 2005 after the death of David Neale .
12962	none	The project was the creation of Mute Record 's founder Frank Tovey , with Daniel Miller as fictional frontman of the band .	none	The project was the creation of Mute Record's founder Frank Tovey, with Daniel Miller as the band's fictitious frontman.	The project was the creation of Mute Record 's founder Logan Tovey , with Daniel Miller as fictional frontman of the band .
12992	none	Parmenion suggested crossing the river upstream and attacking the next day at dawn , but Alexander immediately attacked .	none	Parmenion suggested crossing the river upstream and attacking the next day at dawn, but Alexander attacked immediately.	Parmenion suggested crossing the river upstream and attacking the next day at dawn , but Jordan immediately attacked .
12998	none	Geographically , the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto , Hamilton , Ottawa , and North Ontario .	none	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa and North Ontario.	Geographically , the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto , James , Ottawa , and North Ontario .
13003	none	On April 25 , 2016 , Robinson was traded to the Portland Steel for Jamar Howard .	none	On April 1, 2016, Robinson was traded to the Portland Steel for Jamar Howard.	On April 25 , 2016 , Robinson was traded to the Portland Steel for Jamar Jesse .
13010	none	Primidone also causes exfoliative dermatitis , Johnson -- Stevens syndrome , and toxic epidermal necrolysis .	none	Primidone also causes exfoliative dermatitis, Johnson -- Stevens syndrome, and toxic epidermal necrolysis.	Primidone also causes exfoliative dermatitis , Johnson -- Cody syndrome , and toxic epidermal necrolysis .
13012	none	The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Valea Arsurii River in Romania .	none	Valea Mică is a tributary of Valea Arsurii in Romania.	The Valea Mică Cody is a tributary of the Valea Arsurii Cody in Romania .
13019	none	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of his purchase .	none	Arthur decides not to tell Dick about his purchase.	Jason decides not to tell Dick of his purchase .
13020	none	Until 6 February 2006 , when Stephen Harper was sworn in as Prime Minister , he was Minister of Labour in Paul Martin 's minority government .	none	Until February 6, 2006, when Stephen Harper was sworn in as Prime Minister, he was Minister of Labour in Paul Martin's minority government.	Until 6 February 2006 , when Stephen Harper was sworn in as Prime Minister , he was Minister of Labour in Paul Jordan 's minority government .
13027	none	Matt Skelton faced WBA Heavyweight Champion Ruslan Chagaev on 19 January 2008 in Düsseldorf .	none	==References====External links==*Official website	Ethan Skelton faced WBA Heavyweight Champion Ruslan Chagaev on 19 January 2008 in Düsseldorf .
13039	none	He is survived by his children , Jason Coppola of Brooklyn and Samantha Coppola of Bogota , and three grandchildren .	none	He is survived by his children, Jason Coppola of Brooklyn and Samantha Coppola of Bogota, and three grandchildren.	He is survived by his children , Jeremy Coppola of Brooklyn and Samantha Coppola of Bogota , and three grandchildren .
13043	none	Gordon Watkins was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for two seasons for the Minneapolis Red Jackets , Frankford Yellow Jackets , and Brooklyn Dodgers .	none	Gordon Watkins was a professional American footballer who played for the Minneapolis Red Jackets, Frankford Yellow Jackets and Brooklyn Dodgers for two seasons.	Mason Watkins was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for two seasons for the Minneapolis Red Jackets , Frankford Yellow Jackets , and Brooklyn Dodgers .
13047	none	The film was produced , directed and edited by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke . The soundtrack was composed by Bruce David Janu .	none	The film was produced, directed and directed by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke. The soundtrack was composed by Bruce David Janu.	The film was produced , directed and edited by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke . The soundtrack was composed by Angel David Janu .
13061	none	She talks to Jen parents and speculates that Jess may have come back to take the earrings .	none	She talks to Jen's parents and speculates that Jess may have come back to take the earrings.	She talks to Jen parents and speculates that Angel may have come back to take the earrings .
13072	none	After testifying in the Till case , Reed moved to Chicago and changed his name from Willie Louis to Willie Reed .	none	After the Till case, Reed moved to Chicago and changed his name from Willie Louis to Willie Reed.	After testifying in the Till case , Derek moved to Chicago and changed his name from Willie Louis to Willie Derek .
13082	none	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 stars out of 5 , calling it " never imaginative and consistently predictable " .	none	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 stars of 5, calling it "never imaginative and consistently predictable".	Ben Joseph of AllMusic gave the album 4 stars out of 5 , calling it " never imaginative and consistently predictable " .
13113	none	Rachel played swimwear - Model Decker , while Peter Jacobson Alan , her nebbish husband played .	none	Rachel played swimwear model Decker while Peter Jacobson played Alan, her nebbian husband.	Rachel played swimwear - Model Decker , while Dustin Jacobson Alan , her nebbish husband played .
13130	none	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland , he remained in exile until his death in Ireland , his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland .	none	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland; he remained in exile until his death in Ireland; his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland.	Chad the Fat would never return to his native Scotland , he remained in exile until his death in Ireland , his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland .
13131	none	At WrestleMania XV , Holly lost the title to Gunn in a Triple Threat match which also included Al Snow .	none	At WrestleMania XV, Holly lost the title to Gunn in a triple threat game that included Al Snow.	At WrestleMania XV , Holly lost the title to Gunn in a Triple Threat match which also included Al Melanie .
13132	none	Anton married Lesley Gray in September 1994 .	none	Anton married Lesley Gray in September 1994.	Anton married Lesley Michael in September 1994 .
13136	none	The film stars Chiranjeevi , Roja , Kota Srinivasa Rao and Madhavi play in important roles .	none	The movie stars Chiranjeevi, Roja, Kota Srinivasa Rao and Madhavi play important roles.	The film stars Chiranjeevi , Roja , Aiden Srinivasa Rao and Madhavi play in important roles .
13144	none	Ahmet Kaya was accused of plagiarizing the melody of " Million Years Ago " from singer Adele 's 1985 song " Acilara Tutunmak " .	none	Ahmet Kaya was accused of plagiarizing the melody of " Million Years Ago" by singer Adele's song "Acilara Tutunmak" in 1985.	Ahmet Kaya was accused of plagiarizing the melody of " Million Years Ago " from singer Michelle 's 1985 song " Acilara Tutunmak " .
13149	none	The album was produced by Peter Sullivan and was run by Mike Leander and Reg Guest " .	none	The album was produced by Peter Sullivan and led by Mike Leander and Reg Guest.	The album was produced by Peter Robert and was run by Mike Leander and Reg Guest " .
13170	none	Colonel Ray died in 1989 and Lieutenant Colonel Koski died on New Year 's Eve , 1989 .	none	Colonel Ray died in 1989 and Lieutenant Colonel Koski died on New Year's Eve in 1989.	Colonel Brandon died in 1989 and Lieutenant Colonel Koski died on New Year 's Eve , 1989 .
13177	none	An anime adaptation by White Fox , aired in Japan between 6 April 2011 and 14 September 2011 , was licensed by Funimation in North America .	none	An anime adaptation of White Fox, broadcast in Japan between 6 April 2011 and 14 September 2011, was licensed by Funimation in North America.	An anime adaptation by White Charles , aired in Japan between 6 April 2011 and 14 September 2011 , was licensed by Funimation in North America .
13183	none	The " Standard " was the leading newspaper in Montana , built by Marcus Daly and financed by campaigning editor John Hurst Durston .	none	The "Standard" was the leading newspaper in Montana, built by Marcus Daly and financed by campaign editor John Hurst Durson.	The " Standard " was the leading newspaper in Montana , built by Evan Daly and financed by campaigning editor John Hurst Durston .
13184	none	In a 2014 interview with " Sunrise Daily " , M.I said that Jesse Jagz delayed the departure of Chocolate City also the album .	none	In a 2014 interview with " Sunrise Daily" M.I said that Jesse Jagz delayed the departure of Chocolate City also the album.	In a 2014 interview with " Sunrise Daily " , M.I said that Gregory Jagz delayed the departure of Chocolate City also the album .
13198	none	Ravi Singh was born in Delhi , India to Mr. Puran Singh and Smt .	none	Ravi Singh was born in Delhi, India, to Mr. Puran Singh and Mr. Smt.	Jeffrey Singh was born in Delhi , India to Mr. Puran Singh and Smt .
13200	none	In 2005 Dieudonné and Jean-Christophe Jeauffre founded the French version of the American nonprofit Jules Verne Adventures .	none	In 2005, Dieudonné and Jean-Christophe Jeauffre founded the French version of the American nonprofit Jules Verne Adventures.	In 2005 Dieudonné and Jean-Christophe Jeauffre founded the French version of the American nonprofit Paul Verne Adventures .
13226	none	His musical partner Scott Boyer said , " No one could write a more beautiful ballad than Talton .	none	His musical partner Scott Boyer said, "Nobody could write a more beautiful ballad than Talton.	His musical partner Luis Boyer said , " No one could write a more beautiful ballad than Talton .
13229	none	Rupert , Johann Rupert ’ s eldest son , is now the CEO of Richemont and Chairman of Remgro .	none	Rupert, Johann Rupert, the eldest son, is now CEO of Richemont and Chairman of Remgro.	Rupert , Jose Rupert ’ s eldest son , is now the CEO of Richemont and Chairman of Remgro .
13230	none	On Roger 's death , his son -- William de Roumare , Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .	none	After Roger's death, his son -- William de Roumare, Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the estate.	On Roger 's death , his son -- William de Roumare , Nathaniel of Lincoln -- inherited the manor .
13235	none	Shops in Matiari , Oderolal Station , Tajpur , Allah Dino Saand and Shahpur Chakar have been closed out of respect .	none	Shops in Matiari, Oderolal Station, Tajpur, Allah Dino Saand and Shahpur Chakar were closed out of respect.	Shops in Matiari , Oderolal Station , Tajpur , Allah Jonathan Saand and Shahpur Chakar have been closed out of respect .
13236	none	Directed by Jonathan Silverstein the cast featured Laura Reynolds ( Heidi Armbruster ) , Craig Mathers ( Dan McCabe ) and Bill Reynolds ( Tom Lee ) .	none	The film was directed by Jonathan Silverstein with Laura Reynolds (Heidi Armbruster), Craig Mathers (Dan McCabe) and Bill Reynolds (Tom Lee).	Directed by Jonathan Silverstein the cast featured Laura Reynolds ( Heidi Armbruster ) , Gregory Mathers ( Dan McCabe ) and Bill Reynolds ( Tom Lee ) .
13237	none	She was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . She was the niece of artist Henry Albert Hartland . She married Stephen Jackson .	none	She was born in Cork, the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh. She was the niece of the artist Henry Albert Hartland. She married Stephen Jackson.	She was born in Cork , the daughter of Richard Hartland and Mary Walsh . She was the niece of artist Matthew Albert Hartland . She married Stephen Jackson .
13240	none	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann .	none	This victory was repeated in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann.	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Matthew Tiemann .
13258	none	The current chief executive officer is Martin Katz , and the chair of the board is Beth Janson .	none	The current Chairman of the Board is Martin Katz, and the Chairman of the Board is Beth Janson.	The current chief executive officer is Dustin Katz , and the chair of the board is Beth Janson .
13263	none	His first name was David , known by the name of Peter .	none	His first name was David, known as Peter.	His first name was Jeremy , known by the name of Peter .
13265	none	Allan Stewart ( 1865 -- 1951 ) was a Scottish painter who built his reputation on romantic , historical and especially military paintings as well as landscapes and portraits .	none	Allan Stewart (1865 - 1951) was a Scottish painter who built his reputation on romantic, historical and, above all, military paintings as well as landscapes and portraits.	Samuel Stewart ( 1865 -- 1951 ) was a Scottish painter who built his reputation on romantic , historical and especially military paintings as well as landscapes and portraits .
13271	none	Chris Anderson took over from Wayne Bennett as coach of the team in March 1999 .	none	In March 1999, Chris Anderson took over the leadership of Wayne Bennett as coach of the team.	Chris Luke took over from Wayne Bennett as coach of the team in March 1999 .
13278	none	On February 12 , 2014 , Elebert signed under Roddy Collins for Derry City .	none	===Derry City===Elebert signed a two-year contract with Derry City on February 2, 2014.	On February 12 , 2014 , Elebert signed under Roddy Patricia for Derry City .
13293	none	Following the departure of Richie Towell in December 2015 , Finn was played in a more advanced position .	none	After Richie Towell left in December 2015, Finn was played in a more advanced position.	Following the departure of Richie Towell in December 2015 , Patrick was played in a more advanced position .
13299	none	The Astors settled in Germany , first appearing in North America in the 18th century with John Jacob Astor , one of the richest people in history .	none	The Astors settled in Germany, for the first time in North America in the 18th century with John Jacob Astor, one of the richest people in history.	The Astors settled in Germany , first appearing in North America in the 18th century with Juan Jacob Astor , one of the richest people in history .
13310	none	Nasrallah joined Hezbollah after the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon . In 1989 , Hassan Nasrallah traveled to Qom , Iran , where he furthered his religious studies .	none	Nasrallah joined Hezbollah after the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982. 1989, Hassan Nasrallah traveled to Qom, Iran, where he promoted his religious studies.	Nasrallah joined Hezbollah after the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon . In 1989 , Liam Nasrallah traveled to Qom , Iran , where he furthered his religious studies .
13313	none	The film begins with the arrival of Seelabathi ( Kavya Madhavan ) and her mother Sumangala ( Urmila Unni ) from Kerala to Bengal .	none	The film begins with the arrival of Seelabathi (Kavya Madhavan) and her mother Sumangala (Urmila Unni) from Kerala to Bengal.	The film begins with the arrival of Seelabathi ( Natalie Madhavan ) and her mother Sumangala ( Urmila Unni ) from Kerala to Bengal .
13318	none	On July 17 , 2006 , Miguel Ángel Granados Chapa said in a radio interview with López Obrador on the subject of " Radio UNAM " :	none	On July 17, 2006, Miguel Ángel Granados Chapa said in a radio interview with López Obrador on "Radio UNAM":	On July 17 , 2006 , James Ángel Granados Chapa said in a radio interview with López Obrador on the subject of " Radio UNAM " :
13319	none	William Simson ( 1798/99 -- 29 August 1847 ) was a Scottish portrait , landscape and subject painter .	none	==Biography==He was born on August 21, 1847, and was a Scottish painter of portraits, landscapes, and subjects.	Evan Simson ( 1798/99 -- 29 August 1847 ) was a Scottish portrait , landscape and subject painter .
13323	none	These positions are held by Army BG Michael C. Thompson , Army BG Hopper T. Smith , and Air Force BG Gregory L. Ferguson .	none	These positions are held by Army BG Michael C. Thompson, Army BG Hopper T. Smith, and Air Force BG Gregory L. Ferguson.	These positions are held by Army BG Michael C. Thompson , Army BG Hopper T. Smith , and Air Force BG Nathan L. Ferguson .
13330	none	Al Hijfar is a village in Saudi Arabia , in south-western Jizan Province .	none	Al Hijfar is a village in Jizan Province, Saudi Arabia.	Charles Hijfar is a village in Saudi Arabia , in south-western Jizan Province .
13336	none	Carson City was first platted in 1866 on land owned by R. M. Abbott , Delia Miner , and Hiram T. Sherman and recorded in 1871 .	none	Carson City was first clad in 1866 on plots of R. M. Abbott, Delia Miner and Hiram T. Sherman and recorded in 1871.	Carson City was first platted in 1866 on land owned by R. M. Abbott , Delia Miner , and Andrew T. Sherman and recorded in 1871 .
13340	none	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and lyrics for the soundtrack written by Chi . Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	none	The music of the film was written by Vijaya Bhaskar and Lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi. Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and lyrics for the soundtrack written by Abigail . Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .
13342	none	Soundtrack was composed by Deva and lyrics were written by Palani Bharathi and Vaasan .	none	The soundtrack was composed by Deva and lyrics were written by Palani Bharathi and Vaasan.	Soundtrack was composed by Karen and lyrics were written by Palani Bharathi and Vaasan .
13377	none	Richard Owen ( 1810 -- 1890 ) , Robert Owen 's youngest son , came to New Harmony in 1828 and taught there first the school .	none	Richard Owen ( 1810 -- 1890 ), Robert Owen's youngest son, came to New Harmony in 1828 and taught there first of all the school.	Richard Owen ( 1810 -- 1890 ) , Isaac Owen 's youngest son , came to New Harmony in 1828 and taught there first the school .
13379	none	He was commissioned on 14 October 1917 in West Medford First Lieutenant , and weeks later a married Fort Des Moines , Madeline Mabray Kountze .	none	He was commissioned on 14 October 1917 in West Medford First Lieutenant, and weeks later a married Fort Des Moines, Madeline Mabray Kountze.	He was commissioned on 14 October 1917 in West Medford First Lieutenant , and weeks later a married Fort Des Moines , Shannon Mabray Kountze .
13401	none	He appeared as George Tyrell in the disaster film " Daylight " 1996 and as Archie Mullen in the movie " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .	none	He appeared as George Tyrell in the disaster film "Daylight" in 1996 and as Archie Mullen in the movie "Freedom Song" (2000).	He appeared as George Tyrell in the disaster film " Daylight " 1996 and as Michael Mullen in the movie " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .
13402	none	Molla Mallory defeated Helen Wills 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 3 .	none	Molla Mallory defeated Helen Wills 6 - 1, 6 - 3.	Molla Mallory defeated Abigail Wills 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 3 .
13408	none	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on 30 December 1870 in London . He was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace ( née Hepburn ) .	none	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on 30 December 1870 in London. He was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace (born Hepburn).	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on 30 December 1870 in London . He was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Shannon ( née Hepburn ) .
13410	none	In 1830 , James turned over management of the " Advertiser " to John .	none	In 1830, James handed over the administration to the "advertising" John.	In 1830 , Juan turned over management of the " Advertiser " to John .
13414	none	Lars Elinderson , born in 1949 , is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party .	none	Lars Elinderson, born in 1949, is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party.	Angel Elinderson , born in 1949 , is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party .
13418	none	The Hyslop Farm was named after George Hyslop , who was hired by the founder of the Agronomy Department , Henry Scudder , when he opened the 1907 department .	none	The Hyslop Farm was named after George Hyslop, who was hired by the founder of the agronomy department, Henry Scudder, when he opened the division in 1907.	The Hyslop Farm was named after Paul Hyslop , who was hired by the founder of the Agronomy Department , Henry Scudder , when he opened the 1907 department .
13422	none	It was composed by Sakamoto and written by Swedish singer-songwriter Frida Sundemo .	none	It was composed by Sakamoto and written by Swedish singer-songwriter Frida Sundemo.	It was composed by Sakamoto and written by Swedish singer-songwriter Megan Sundemo .
13426	none	Suzuki Beane is a humor book written in 1961 by Sandra Scoppettone and illustrated by Louise Fitzhugh .	none	Suzuki Beane is a 1961 humorous book by Sandra Scoppettone.	Suzuki Beane is a humor book written in 1961 by Sandra Scoppettone and illustrated by Anna Fitzhugh .
13427	none	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Shmuel , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .	none	In 2010, she appeared at the sixth annual Judelicious Festival with Matisyahu, Moshav, Rav Shmuel, Electro Morocco, and Kosha Dillz.	In 2010 , she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival with Matisyahu , Moshav , Rav Kyle , Electro Morocco , and Kosha Dillz .
13428	none	Because there was a lack of evidence to prove that Jim was not killed in self-defense , Johnson was acquitted and had the right to return home .	none	Because there was a lack of evidence to prove that Jim was not killed in self-defense, Johnson was acquitted and had the right to return home.	Because there was a lack of evidence to prove that Jim was not killed in self-defense , Isaac was acquitted and had the right to return home .
13436	none	He continued in this post also when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was then Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .	none	He also drove in this post when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940, and was then Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945.	He continued in this post also when Shawn Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was then Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .
13437	none	Tide is the sixth album by Antônio Carlos Jobim , which was released on A 'M Records in 1970 and arranged by Deodato .	none	Tide is Antônio Carlos Jobim's sixth album, released on A'M Records in 1970 and arranged by Deodato.	Tide is the sixth album by Antônio Sean Jobim , which was released on A 'M Records in 1970 and arranged by Deodato .
13445	none	Alexis Anders learns from her supervisor , Cholayna Ares , that a Terran agent , Magda Lorne , has survived a plane crash in the Hellers a week earlier .	none	Alexis Anders learns from her superior, Cholayna Ares, that a Terran agent, Magda Lorne, survived a plane crash in Hellers a week earlier.	Alexis Anders learns from her supervisor , Cholayna Ares , that a Terran agent , Magda Travis , has survived a plane crash in the Hellers a week earlier .
13455	none	On October 13 , 2010 , the Atlanta Braves announced that Fredi González would replace Braves manager Bobby Cox as manager of the team in 2011 .	none	On October 20, 2010, the Atlanta Braves announced that Fredi González would replace Bobby Cox as manager of the team in 2011.	On October 13 , 2010 , the Atlanta Braves announced that Mason González would replace Braves manager Bobby Cox as manager of the team in 2011 .
13459	none	During the live performances Oli Müller supported the band as a bassist , and Adi Amstutz left the band .	none	During the live performances, Oli Müller supported the band as bassist and Adi Amstutz left the band.	During the live performances Oli Müller supported the band as a bassist , and Erica Amstutz left the band .
13462	none	His role is played by Charles Fathy in the Oliver Stone film " W. " and in " The Conquest " by Bernard Le Coq .	none	==Filmography=====Film======Television======Television=====References====External links==	His role is played by Charles Fathy in the Oliver Ryan film " W. " and in " The Conquest " by Bernard Le Coq .
13473	none	Riggs was born in Atlanta , Georgia , the son of Gina Ann ( née Carlton ) and William Riggs . He has a younger brother , Grayson .	none	Riggs was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the son of Gina Ann (born Carlton) and William Riggs. He has a younger brother, Grayson.	Brian was born in Atlanta , Georgia , the son of Gina Ann ( née Carlton ) and William Brian . He has a younger brother , Grayson .
13477	none	Carl Smestad ( 8 May 1888 -- 29 June 1962 ) was a Norwegian industrialist , the son of Reidar Smestad and grandson of Jacob Olssøn Smestad .	none	He was the son of Reidar Smestad and grandson of Jacob Olssøn Smestad.	Carl Smestad ( 8 May 1888 -- 29 June 1962 ) was a Norwegian industrialist , the son of Reidar Smestad and grandson of Jacob Olssøn Smestad .
13482	none	Hishon is the Anglicized form of Ó hOiseáin and finds an early reference among the allies of the MacNamara family in Co Clare in the early 14th century .	none	Hishon is the Anglicized form of Ó hOiseáin and finds an early reference among the allies of the MacNamara family in Co Clare in the early 14th century.	Hishon is the Anglicized form of Ó hOiseáin and finds an early reference among the allies of the MacNamara family in Co Hailey in the early 14th century .
13483	none	Paul McCallum caught a TD pass and Cory Rodgers had two field goals and a single for the Lions , who played their 900th CFL game since 1954 .	none	Paul McCallum caught a TD pass and Cory Rodgers had two field goals and a single for the Lions who played her 900th CFL game since 1954.	Paul McCallum caught a TD pass and Caleb Rodgers had two field goals and a single for the Lions , who played their 900th CFL game since 1954 .
13484	none	Sinan ( also romanized as Sīnān ) is a village in the district of Azari , in the central district of Esfarayen , north - Khorasan - province , Iran .	none	Sinan () is a village in Azari District, Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sinan ( also romanized as Sīnān ) is a village in the district of Amy , in the central district of Esfarayen , north - Khorasan - province , Iran .
13495	none	Phil Philpott played Norman Nesbitt , a geeky man who believes he has been contacted by UFOs .	none	Phil Phil Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who thinks he was contacted by UFOs.	Jack Philpott played Norman Nesbitt , a geeky man who believes he has been contacted by UFOs .
13504	none	Lewis also was a member of Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .	none	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguare, Cleveland Browns, and Virginia Destroyers.	Lewis also was a member of Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Kimberly Destroyers .
13505	none	Doyle said the line Maryland -- Pennsylvania Mason -- Dixon is exact :	none	Doyle said the Maryland line -- Pennsylvania Mason -- Dixon is exactly:	Doyle said the line Maryland -- Pennsylvania Mason -- Christopher is exact :
13513	none	His Othello was detained in 1964 with Ron Moody as Iago and in 1981 with Jay Robinson as Iago on video .	none	His Othello was recorded with Ron Moody as Iago in 1964 and with Jay Robinson as Iago in 1981.	His Othello was detained in 1964 with Ron Moody as Iago and in 1981 with Isaiah Robinson as Iago on video .
13526	none	Reid said , " Warren Buffett said it all .	none	Reid said, "Warren Buffett said everything.	Reid said , " Andrew Buffett said it all .
13540	none	When his family from Italy , Rodolpho and Marco , live illegally and begin to migrate with him , the small world that he operates in is disrupted .	none	When his family from Italy, Rodolpho and Marco, live illegally and begin to walk with him, the small world in which he works is disturbed.	When his family from Italy , Rodolpho and Brandon , live illegally and begin to migrate with him , the small world that he operates in is disrupted .
13557	none	James Wyatt ( 3 August 1746 -- 4 September 1813 ) was an English architect , a rival of Robert Adam in the neoclassical style and neo-Gothic style .	none	Robert Adam (born September 9, 1813 in London) was an English architect, a rival of Robert Adam in neo-classical style and neo-Gothic style.	James Wyatt ( 3 August 1746 -- 4 September 1813 ) was an English architect , a rival of Ian Adam in the neoclassical style and neo-Gothic style .
13573	none	Margarita Isabel ( born Margarita Isabel Morales y González ; 25 July 1941 -- 9 April 2017 ) was a Mexican Ariel Award-winning film and television actress .	none	She was born in Mexico, and died in Mexico.	Margarita Isabel ( born Margarita Isabel Morales y González ; 25 July 1941 -- 9 April 2017 ) was a Mexican Grace Award-winning film and television actress .
13576	none	This was the first full season in MLS for the Philadelphia and the 4th year under manager John Hackworth .	none	This was the first full season in MLS for the Philadelphia and the fourth year under coach John Hackworth.	This was the first full season in MLS for the Philadelphia and the 4th year under manager Jordan Hackworth .
13577	none	In 2015 , Richard Branson offered Stephen Hawking a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic .	none	In 2015, Richard Branson offered Stephen Hawking a free spot on the starship Virgin Galactic.	In 2015 , Jayden Branson offered Stephen Hawking a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic .
13578	none	In 1968 , Cain married Vera Nell Washington , with a son , Brian Earl Cain , and a grandson , Brian Earl Cain , Jr .	none	In 1968 Cain married Vera Nell Washington, with a son, Brian Earl Cain, and a grandson, Brian Earl Cain, Jr.	In 1968 , Cain married Vera Nell Washington , with a son , Brian Jonathan Cain , and a grandson , Brian Jonathan Cain , Jr .
13580	none	Born in Chicago , Illinois , in an Irish-American family , his father Michael emigrated from Ireland to Newport .	none	Born in Chicago, Illinois, in an Irish-American family, his father Michael emigrated from Ireland to Newport.	Born in Chicago , Illinois , in an Irish-American family , his father Alex emigrated from Ireland to Newport .
13587	none	Giulia Grisi was the cousin of the famous soprano singer , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .	none	Giulia Grisi was the cousin of the famous soprano singer, the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi.	Kayla Grisi was the cousin of the famous soprano singer , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .
13600	none	Paulus was an assistant to Bruno Simma in the case of LaGrand .	none	Paulus was an assistant to Bruno Simma in the case of LaGrand.	Paulus was an assistant to Caleb Simma in the case of LaGrand .
13622	none	Sara Varga ( born 14 April 1982 ) , known professionally as Sara Varga Madeleine Jonsson , is a Swedish vispop singer , songwriter , author , and DJ .	none	Sara Varga (born April 14, 1982), known professionally as Sara Varga Madeleine Jonsson, is a Swedish Vispop singer, songwriter, author and DJ.	Laura Varga ( born 14 April 1982 ) , known professionally as Laura Varga Madeleine Jonsson , is a Swedish vispop singer , songwriter , author , and DJ .
13629	none	Mitch Clarke opposed Iaquinta on 24 May 2014 at UFC 173 .	none	==References====External links==	Ryan Clarke opposed Iaquinta on 24 May 2014 at UFC 173 .
13639	none	In 1941 , Armand L. Jeanne Ruth Stuber was married .	none	In 1941 Armand L. Jeanne Ruth Stuber was married.	In 1941 , Armand L. Grace Ruth Stuber was married .
13645	none	Marion Byron married film actress and comedian Lou Breslow in 1932 and remained married until her death in 1985 .	none	Marion Byron married actress and comedian Lou Breslow in 1932 and remained married until her death in 1985.	Marion Byron married film actress and comedian Haley Breslow in 1932 and remained married until her death in 1985 .
13652	none	The hall was the venue of the state funeral of Official Leader of the federal Opposition and NDP leader Jack Layton on August 27 , 2011 .	none	The hall was the site of the state funeral of the official leader of the federal opposition and NDP leader Jack Layton on 27 August 2011.	The hall was the venue of the state funeral of Official Leader of the federal Opposition and NDP leader Jack Luis on August 27 , 2011 .
13653	none	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	none	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett, who is not much older than Sam's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Jack Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .
13660	none	Michael Bishop is a pseudonym used for mystery novels written by Paul Di Filippo with Philip Lawson .	none	Michael Bishop is a pseudonym written by Paul Di Filippo with Philip Lawson.	Michael Jordan is a pseudonym used for mystery novels written by Paul Di Filippo with Philip Lawson .
13672	none	Mike Hart ( also known as Mike Harthcock ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .	none	Mike Hart (also known as Mike Harthcock) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.	Mike Michael ( also known as Mike Harthcock ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .
13679	none	Produced by Arthur Hammerstein the show was directed by Reginald Hammerstein ( the brother of Oscar Hammerstein II ) and was choreographed by Danny Dare .	none	Produced by Arthur Hammerstein, the show was directed by Reginald Hammerstein (the brother of Oscar Hammerstein II) and choreographed by Danny Dare.	Produced by Arthur Hammerstein the show was directed by Connor Hammerstein ( the brother of Oscar Hammerstein II ) and was choreographed by Danny Dare .
13683	none	" Oliver Twist , " published in 1838 , was one of Dickens 's better known stories , and became the first Victorian novel with a child protagonist .	none	" Oliver Twist, " published in 1838, was one of Dickens' better known stories, and became the first Victorian novel with a child protagonist.	" Caleb Twist , " published in 1838 , was one of Dickens 's better known stories , and became the first Victorian novel with a child protagonist .
13692	none	He was also suspected of having bludgeoned to death a Russian dancer , Anya Sosoyeva , as well as having assaulted the young actress Delia Bogard , who survived .	none	He was also suspected of having beaten to death a Russian dancer, Anya Sosoyeva, as well as the young actress Delia Bogard, who survived attacked.	He was also suspected of having bludgeoned to death a Russian dancer , Anna Sosoyeva , as well as having assaulted the young actress Delia Bogard , who survived .
13694	none	In 1963 , he met Felix Cavaliere ( a singer on the local R & amp ; B circuit ) and Eddie Brigati ( a classically trained pianist ) .	none	In 1963 he met Felix Cavaliere (a singer on the local R & B circuit) and Eddie Brigati (a classically trained pianist).	In 1963 , he met Felix Cavaliere ( a singer on the local R & amp ; B circuit ) and Luis Brigati ( a classically trained pianist ) .
13697	none	During the French and Spanish retreat Admiral Sir James Saumarez hailed the " Superb " and ordered Keats to catch the allied fleet 's rear and engage .	none	During the French and Spanish withdrawal, Admiral Sir James Saumarez welcomed the "Superb" and ordered Keats to catch and engage the Allied fleet behind him.	During the French and Spanish retreat Admiral Sir Jonathan Saumarez hailed the " Superb " and ordered Keats to catch the allied fleet 's rear and engage .
13703	none	It was built by Brunel 's former assistant William Jacomb , designed by Head Wrightson and opened in 1889 .	none	It was built by Brunel's former assistant William Jacomb, designed by Head Wrightson and opened in 1889.	It was built by Brunel 's former assistant Scott Jacomb , designed by Head Wrightson and opened in 1889 .
13713	none	Argento ( born Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ; September 20 , 1975 ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .	none	Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento (born 7 September 1975) is an Italian actress, actress, model, activist and director.	Argento ( born Aria Riley Vittoria Rossa Argento ; September 20 , 1975 ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .
13716	none	The journalist played by Elio Germano ( Luke Gualtieri , the fictional journal of Bologna ) is Lorenzo Guadagnucci , journalist from Il Resto del Carlino .	none	The journalist, played by Elio Germano (Luke Gualtieri, the fictitious journal of Bologna) is Lorenzo Guadagnaucci, journalist from Il Resto del Carlino.	The journalist played by Elio Germano ( Kenneth Gualtieri , the fictional journal of Bologna ) is Lorenzo Guadagnucci , journalist from Il Resto del Carlino .
13725	none	In the Democratic primary , John T. Driscoll defeated Patrick F. McDonough , John B. Kennedy , George F. Hurley , John M. Kennedy , and Robert J. Sullivan .	none	In the democratic primary, John T. Driscoll defeats Patrick F. McDonough, John B. Kennedy, George F. Hurley, John M. Kennedy, and Robert J. Sullivan.	In the Democratic primary , John T. Driscoll defeated Patrick F. McDonough , John B. Kennedy , Liam F. Hurley , John M. Kennedy , and Robert J. Sullivan .
13727	none	Duff Twysden was played by Stacy Keach in the miniseries " Hemingway " in 1988 with Fiona Fullerton .	none	Duff Twysden was played by Stacy Keach in the 1988 miniseries "Hemingway" with Fiona Fullerton.	Duff Twysden was played by Stacy Keach in the miniseries " Hemingway " in 1988 with Leslie Fullerton .
13731	none	Fowler married Sarah Sloane , daughter of William Sloane and niece of Sir Hans Sloane . They had two sons and a daughter :	none	Fowler married Sarah Sloane, daughter of William Sloane and niece of Sir Hans Sloane. They had two sons and one daughter:	Fowler married Sarah Mary , daughter of William Mary and niece of Sir Hans Mary . They had two sons and a daughter :
13735	none	Clara Maass was born in East Orange , New Jersey , to Hedwig and Robert Maass , German immigrants .	none	Clara Maass was born in East Orange, New Jersey, after Hedwig and Robert Maass, German immigrants.	Clara Maass was born in East Orange , New Jersey , to Hedwig and Jordan Maass , German immigrants .
13739	none	Dario Cvitanić ( Croatian : Darío Cvitanich ) ( born May 16 , 1984 ) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Banfield .	none	Cvitanić (born 14 May 1984) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Banfield.	Ian Cvitanić ( Croatian : Darío Cvitanich ) ( born May 16 , 1984 ) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Banfield .
13742	none	On July 31 , Molina was traded with Trenidad Hubbard , Fernando Lunar and Luis Rivera to the Braves for B. J. Surhoff .	none	On July 31, Molina was transferred with Trenidad Hubbard, Fernando Lunar and Luis Rivera to the Braves against B. J. Surhoff.	On July 31 , Molina was traded with Trenidad Hubbard , Scott Lunar and Luis Rivera to the Braves for B. J. Surhoff .
13744	none	In 1836 , Ephraim Fletcher from New York came to Gaines and settled in Van Vleet Road ( Section 16 ) .	none	In 1836 Ephraim Fletcher came from New York to Gaines and settled on Van Vleet Road (section 16).	In 1836 , Ephraim Justin from New York came to Gaines and settled in Van Vleet Road ( Section 16 ) .
13749	none	Married to Gianluca Guidi , had the couple a son , actor Johnny Dorelli .	none	Married to Gianluca Guidi, the couple had a son, actor Johnny Dorelli.	Married to Gianluca Guidi , had the couple a son , actor Edward Dorelli .
13751	none	Walter Lyhert ( or Walter Hart ; died 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .	none	He was the first bishop of Norwich, and the second bishop of Norwich.	Matthew Lyhert ( or Matthew Hart ; died 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
13755	none	Samuel Groth won the tournament after defeating Danai Udomchoke 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 in the final .	none	Samuel Groth won the tournament after defeating Danai Udomchoke 7 -- 6, 6 -- 3 in the final.	Luis Groth won the tournament after defeating Danai Udomchoke 7 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 in the final .
13765	none	Pallas was originally a slave of Antonia Minor , a daughter of Mark Antony and niece of Emperor Augustus .	none	Pallas was originally a slave of Antonia Minor, a daughter of Mark Antony and niece of Emperor Augustus.	Pallas was originally a slave of Lauren Minor , a daughter of Mark Antony and niece of Emperor Augustus .
13780	none	The Taverniers are visited by Gidea Thompson ( Sian Martin ) , a friend of Jules ' family back in Trinidad .	none	The Taverniers are visited by Gidea Thompson (Sian Martin), a friend of Jules' family back in Trinidad.	The Taverniers are visited by Gidea Thompson ( Laura Martin ) , a friend of Jules ' family back in Trinidad .
13795	none	Although Andrew Anthony was " critical in " The Observer and A.A. Gill of " The Sunday Times " was unimpressed .	none	Although Andrew Anthony was "critical in "The Observer and A.A. Gill of "The Sunday Times" was unimpressed.	Although Eric Anthony was " critical in " The Observer and A.A. Gill of " The Sunday Times " was unimpressed .
13802	none	The legend of Hallowdega is a 2010 black comedy Fantasy Mockumentary short film , directed by Terry Gilliam of a script by Aaron Bergeron .	none	The Legend of Hallowdega is a 2010 short film by Terry Gilliam.	The legend of Hallowdega is a 2010 black comedy Fantasy Mockumentary short film , directed by Jordan Gilliam of a script by Aaron Bergeron .
13819	none	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche , with Gilbert receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC not long ago .	none	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche, with Gilbert receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC recently.	He defeated Quentin Scott and Pierre Roche , with Scott receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC not long ago .
13820	none	As reported by Count Harrach , Franz Ferdinand 's last words " Sophie , Sophie !	none	As reported by Count Harrach, Franz Ferdinand's last words " Sophie, Sophie!	As reported by Count Harrach , Franz Mason 's last words " Sophie , Sophie !
13829	none	He bought Wisbech Castle , which he rebuilt and restored just before the restoration of the monarchy after which it was supplied to the bishop of Ely .	none	He bought Wisbech Castle, which he rebuilt and restored shortly before the restoration of the monarchy, after which it was delivered to the bishop of Ely.	He bought Wisbech Castle , which he rebuilt and restored just before the restoration of the monarchy after which it was supplied to the bishop of Alexander .
13835	none	Other musicians are Nik Mazzucconi on the guitars , Francesco Jovino on the bass and Simone Mularoni ( Primal Fear , Hardline ) on drums .	none	Other musicians include Nik Mazzucconi on guitars, Francesco Jovino on bass and Simone Mularoni (Primal Fear, Hardline) on drums.	Other musicians are Nik Mazzucconi on the guitars , Francesco Jovino on the bass and Ashley Mularoni ( Primal Fear , Hardline ) on drums .
13848	none	The Dodgers got their only runs on solo homers by Willie Crawford in the eighth and Bill Buckner in the ninth .	none	The Dodgers received their only runs on solo homers by Willie Crawford in eighth and Bill Buckner in ninth.	The Dodgers got their only runs on solo homers by Willie Noah in the eighth and Bill Buckner in the ninth .
13862	none	Wilfred France Senior died at Franceville in 1934 and Wilfred Jr. ( Billy ) in 1936 .	none	Wilfred France Senior died in Franceville in 1934 and in Wilfred Jr. in 1936.	Dylan France Senior died at Franceville in 1934 and Dylan Jr. ( Billy ) in 1936 .
13865	none	At Wimbledon , Osaka defeated Sara Sorribes Tormo and Barbora Strýcová before losing to Venus Williams in the third round .	none	In Wimbledon, Osaka defeated Sara Sorribes Tormo and Barbora Strýcová before losing to Venus Williams in the third round.	At Wimbledon , Osaka defeated Sara Sorribes Tormo and Barbora Strýcová before losing to Venus Zachary in the third round .
13867	none	Kenneth Lonergan appeared as Sharon in " Manchester by the Sea " , which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2016 .	none	Kenneth Lonergan appeared as Sharon in " Manchester by the Sea", which premiered at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.	Kenneth Lonergan appeared as Sharon in " Manchester by the Sea " , which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2016 .
13870	none	In addition to Lawrence the film also stars John Witherspoon , Tom Lister , Jr. , and Mark Curry .	none	In addition to Lawrence, the film also plays John Witherspoon, Tom Lister, Jr. and Mark Curry.	In addition to Lawrence the film also stars John Witherspoon , Tom Lister , Jr. , and Bryan Curry .
13873	none	The Astors settled in North America , first appearing in Germany in the 18th century with John Jacob Astor , one of the richest people in history .	none	The Astors settled in North America, first in Germany in the 18th century with John Jacob Astor, one of the richest people in history.	The Astors settled in North America , first appearing in Germany in the 18th century with John Robert Astor , one of the richest people in history .
13888	none	American American Edit is a mashup album , shared by Party Ben and Team9 under the released alias Dean Gray .	none	American American Edit is a Mashup album shared by Party Ben and Team9 under the pseudonym Dean Gray.	American American Edit is a mashup album , shared by Party Ben and Team9 under the released alias Dean Steven .
13889	none	The album was produced by Billy Harvey , and featured contributions by Rafael Gayol and the Tosca String Quartet .	none	The album was produced by Billy Harvey and included contributions by Rafael Gayol and the Tosca String Quartet.	The album was produced by Tyler Harvey , and featured contributions by Rafael Gayol and the Tosca String Quartet .
13893	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Amelia Thompson , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Thomas Taylour , on 5 August 1875 .	none	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour, daughter of Amelia Thompson, 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Thomas Taylour, on 5 August 1875.	He married Lady Florence Jane Katherine , daughter of Amelia Thompson , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Thomas Katherine , on 5 August 1875 .
13897	none	Nilai is part of the Seremban constituency of Dewan Rakyat of the Malaysian Parliament , currently represented by Anthony Loke Siew Fook of the Democratic Action Party .	none	Nilai is part of the Seremban constituency of Dewan Rakyat in the Malaysian Parliament, currently represented by Anthony Loke Siew Fook of the Democratic Action Party.	Nilai is part of the Seremban constituency of Dewan Rakyat of the Malaysian Parliament , currently represented by Paul Loke Siew Fook of the Democratic Action Party .
13900	none	Kabir Suman recorded several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999 .	none	Kabir Suman recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee.	Juan Suman recorded several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999 .
13903	none	Most critics praised the eleven-track set for its cohesive productions and strong themes , which drew comparisons to the early career of Janet Jackson .	none	Most critics praised the eleven-track set for its coherent productions and strong themes that drew comparisons to Janet Jackson's early career.	Most critics praised the eleven-track set for its cohesive productions and strong themes , which drew comparisons to the early career of Janet Kyle .
13915	none	John McEnroe won in the final 6 -- 0 , 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 against Miloslav Mečíř .	none	John McEnroe won 6 -- 0, 3 -- 6, 6 -- 2, 6 -- 2 against Miloslav Mečíř in the final.	Scott McEnroe won in the final 6 -- 0 , 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 against Miloslav Mečíř .
13916	none	By his wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell , Baronet and Jean Stewart , their children were :	none	Through his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet and Jean Stewart, her children were:	By his wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Isaac Campbell , Baronet and Jean Stewart , their children were :
13943	none	He has two sons : elder Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh .	none	He has two sons: the older Maharana Mahendra Singh and the younger Arvind Singh.	He has two sons : elder Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Caleb Singh .
13948	none	Caterina Scotti married Vincenzo .	none	Caterina Scotti married Vincenzo.	Caterina Scotti married Angel .
13952	none	Berkeley 's childhood was spent in Coventry , where he was a pupil of the translator , Philemon Holland of Warwickshire , and of Henry Ashwood .	none	Berkeley's childhood spent in Coventry where he was a student of the translator, Philemon Holland of Warwickshire, and Henry Ashwood.	Berkeley 's childhood was spent in Coventry , where he was a pupil of the translator , Gabriel Holland of Warwickshire , and of Henry Ashwood .
13973	none	Matthew DeCoursey suggests that Thorne may have joined the project later .	none	Matthew DeCoursey suggests that Thorne may have joined the project later.	Jack DeCoursey suggests that Thorne may have joined the project later .
13977	none	Katie Holmes ' character is the daughter of Mary , played by Cherry Jones , and not the daughter of Elizabeth played by Allison Janney .	none	Katie Holmes' character is the daughter of Mary, played by Cherry Jones, and not the daughter of Elizabeth played by Allison Janney.	Emma Holmes ' character is the daughter of Mary , played by Cherry Jones , and not the daughter of Elizabeth played by Allison Janney .
13987	none	He was portrayed by Robert Loggia in the 1982 television movie " A Woman Called Golda " , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	none	He was portrayed by Robert Loggia in the 1982 television film "A Woman Called Golda", opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir.	He was portrayed by Robert Loggia in the 1982 television movie " A Woman Called Alexis " , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Alexis Meir .
13989	none	Boyd was born in Montgomery , Alabama , daughter of the single mother Dora Lee McClain .	none	Boyd was born in Montgomery, Alabama, daughter of the single mother Dora Lee McClain.	Jayden was born in Montgomery , Alabama , daughter of the single mother Dora Lee McClain .
13991	none	Steve Davis won in the final 9 -- 8 against Terry Griffiths .	none	Steve Davis won 9-8 against Terry Griffiths in the final.	Steve Davis won in the final 9 -- 8 against Stephen Griffiths .
13997	none	He appeared as Archie Mullen in the 1996 disaster film " Daylight " and as George Tyrell in the film " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .	none	In 1996 he appeared as Archie Mullen in the disaster film "Daylight" and as George Tyrell in the movie "Freedom Song" (2000).	He appeared as Aaron Mullen in the 1996 disaster film " Daylight " and as George Tyrell in the film " Freedom Song " ( 2000 ) .
14000	none	Christian A. R. Christensen ( 17 December 1906 -- 27 January 1967 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor .	none	He was a Norwegian newspaper editor.	Kyle A. R. Christensen ( 17 December 1906 -- 27 January 1967 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor .
14006	none	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in 1753 , the son of his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer in Frankfurt am Main .	none	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in 1753, the son of his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer in Frankfurt am Main.	Abraham Steven Hertz Scheuer was born in 1753 , the son of his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer in Frankfurt am Main .
14007	none	Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth won 3 : 6 , 6 : 1 , 6 : 3 in the final against Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter .	none	Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth won 3 : 6, 6 : 1, 6 : 3 in the final against Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter.	Hunter Apell and Brent Haygarth won 3 : 6 , 6 : 1 , 6 : 3 in the final against Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter .
14018	none	In October 1923 , Spencer started renting Henry Lamb 's studio in Hampstead where he began work on " The Resurrection , Cookham " .	none	In October 1923 Spencer began renting Henry Lamb's studio in Hampstead, where he worked on "The Resurrection, Cookham".	In October 1923 , Hunter started renting Henry Lamb 's studio in Hampstead where he began work on " The Resurrection , Cookham " .
14030	none	Guy Stern ( born January 14 , 1922 in Hildesheim ) is a German-Jewish literary scholar , primarily German and comparative literature .	none	==Biography==He was born in Hildesheim, Germany, in 1922.	Cameron Stern ( born January 14 , 1922 in Hildesheim ) is a German-Jewish literary scholar , primarily German and comparative literature .
14038	none	The species was first formally described by Carl Meissner in " Prodromus Systematis Naturalis Regni Vegetabilis " in 1856 , from material collected by James Drummond .	none	The species was first described in 1856 by Carl Meissner in "Prodromus Systematis Naturalis Regni Vegetabilis", collected from material by James Drummond.	The species was first formally described by Bryan Meissner in " Prodromus Systematis Naturalis Regni Vegetabilis " in 1856 , from material collected by James Drummond .
14058	none	Actress Carol do Monte portrays Manuela in the 2013 Brazilian version of the series .	none	The actress Carol do Monte portrays Manuela in the Brazilian version of the series 2013.	Actress Carol do Justin portrays Manuela in the 2013 Brazilian version of the series .
14060	none	Jean Sébastien Bach performed at the age of nine years for the first time and was the youngest winner of the Favier competition in Leipzig .	none	Jean Sébastien Bach performed for the first time at the age of nine and was the youngest winner of the Favier competition in Leipzig.	Crystal Sébastien Bach performed at the age of nine years for the first time and was the youngest winner of the Favier competition in Leipzig .
14063	none	The Keiskamma River marked the border between the Cape Province and former British Kaffraria , known also then as Queen Adelaide 's Province , until 1847 .	none	The Keismamma River marked the border between Cape Province and the former British Kaffraria, also known as Queen Adelaide's Province, until 1847.	The Keiskamma River marked the border between the Cape Province and former British Kaffraria , known also then as Queen Lisa 's Province , until 1847 .
14064	none	She has been a Senior Policy Advisor and National Spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on MSNBC , CNN and Fox News .	none	She was Senior Policy Advisor and National Spokesperson for the 2008 presidential campaign of John McCain and political commentator on MSNBC, CNN and Fox News.	She has been a Senior Policy Advisor and National Spokesperson with the 2008 Caleb McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on MSNBC , CNN and Fox News .
14067	none	Another new bridge was built at Neak Leung on the Phnom Penh to Ho Chi Minh Highway 1 with Japanese government assistance , and opened in 2015 .	none	Another new bridge was built in Neak Leung on Phnom Penh to Ho Chi Minh Highway 1 with the support of the Japanese government and opened in 2015.	Another new bridge was built at Neak Leung on the Phnom Penh to Ho Elizabeth Minh Highway 1 with Japanese government assistance , and opened in 2015 .
14074	none	In 2013 Peter married Anna Barattin while Julia is married to Nicholas Furiuele , both are members of the band Shantih Shantih .	none	In 2013, Peter married Anna Barattin, while Julia is married to Nicholas Furiuele, both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih.	In 2013 Peter married Anna Barattin while Julia is married to Daniel Furiuele , both are members of the band Shantih Shantih .
14075	none	Margot A. Thien ( born December 29 , 1971 in San Diego , California ) is an Olympic competitor in synchronized swimming and American champion .	none	She was born in San Diego, California, and died in San Diego, California.	Morgan A. Thien ( born December 29 , 1971 in San Diego , California ) is an Olympic competitor in synchronized swimming and American champion .
14076	none	On 19 January 2008 , Matt Skelton met WBA - Heavyweight - Champion Ruslan Chagaev in Düsseldorf .	none	On 1 January 2008, Matt Skelton met WBA heavyweight champion Ruslan Chagaev in Düsseldorf.	On 19 January 2008 , Kyle Skelton met WBA - Heavyweight - Champion Ruslan Chagaev in Düsseldorf .
14080	none	Dominika Cibulková won the title , defeating Agnieszka Radwańska in the final , 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 .	none	Dominika Cibulková won the title and defeated Agnieszka Radwańska in the final, 3 - 6, 6 - 4, 6 - 4.	Natalie Cibulková won the title , defeating Agnieszka Radwańska in the final , 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 .
14091	none	Matthew Harrison Brady ( Henry Drummond ) and David Troughton ( Kevin Spacey ) starred in a 2009 revival at The Old Vic in London .	none	Matthew Harrison Brady (Henry Drummond) and David Troughton (Kevin Spacey) played in a 2009 revival with The Old Vic in London.	Matthew Harrison Hunter ( Henry Drummond ) and David Troughton ( Kevin Spacey ) starred in a 2009 revival at The Old Vic in London .
14094	none	Moss Man is voiced by John Payne in the 1980s series and by Lou Scheimer in the 2002 series .	none	Moss Man is spoken of by John Payne in the 1980s series and by Lou Scheiner in the 2002 series.	Moss Man is voiced by John Payne in the 1980s series and by Mary Scheimer in the 2002 series .
14102	none	It is believed that Anna Wilson met Dan in New Orleans and eventually persuaded her to come with him to Omaha .	none	It is believed that Anna Wilson met Dan in New Orleans and eventually persuaded her to come with him to Omaha.	It is believed that Anna Wilson met Samuel in New Orleans and eventually persuaded her to come with him to Omaha .
14106	none	Shiva wanted to see Rama , but Sati was in the dark that Rama was a manifestation of God .	none	Shiva wanted to see Rama, but Sati was in the dark that Rama was a manifestation of God.	Shiva wanted to see Elizabeth , but Sati was in the dark that Elizabeth was a manifestation of God .
14113	none	He dissolved William Ewer as Governor and was replaced by Peter Gaussen .	none	He succeeded William Ewer as Governor and was replaced by Peter Gaussen.	He dissolved Stephen Ewer as Governor and was replaced by Peter Gaussen .
14121	none	Frank offered to accompany the children because he wanted to watch Aslan himself .	none	Frank offered to accompany the children because he wanted to watch Aslan himself.	Jordan offered to accompany the children because he wanted to watch Aslan himself .
14122	none	A competition between Deputy Chief Sharon Raydor , Commander Leo Mason and Captain Winnie Davis developed for the position .	none	A contest between Deputy Chief Sharon Raydor, Commander Leo Mason and Captain Winnie Davis developed for the position.	A competition between Deputy Chief Sharon Raydor , Commander Lucas Mason and Captain Winnie Davis developed for the position .
14125	none	Byron Township changed its name from Byron Township on December 28 , 1850 to avoid confusion with Dunham Township and to honor a resident , Solomon J. Dunham .	none	Byron Township changed its name to Byron Township on December 28, 1850 to avoid confusion with Dunham Township and to honor a resident, Solomon J. Dunham.	Byron Township changed its name from Byron Township on December 28 , 1850 to avoid confusion with Dunham Township and to honor a resident , Eric J. Dunham .
14126	none	The book has a preface from Vera Baird , one of the lawyers who represented Humphreys , and contributions by Beatrix Campbell and friends of Humphreys .	none	The book has a preface by Vera Baird, one of the lawyers representing Humphreys, and contributions by Beatrix Campbell and friends of Humphreys.	The book has a preface from Vera Baird , one of the lawyers who represented Humphreys , and contributions by Emma Campbell and friends of Humphreys .
14128	none	She travelled with John , Marian , and Jack in 1912 when they went to Europe and returned home with them on the " Titanic . "	none	She traveled with John, Marian, and Jack in 1912 when she went to Europe and returned with them home on the " Titanic. "	She travelled with John , Marian , and Jacob in 1912 when they went to Europe and returned home with them on the " Titanic . "
14138	none	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University .	none	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University.	Cameron McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University .
14139	none	Kirk Deighton is served by route 780 , Harrogate to Wetherby , and route X70 , Kirk Deighton to Knaresborough via Wetherby and Spofforth .	none	Kirk Deighton is served by Route 780, Harrogate to Wetherby, and Route X70, Kirk Deighton to Knaresborough via Wetherby and Spofforth.	Stephen Deighton is served by route 780 , Harrogate to Wetherby , and route X70 , Stephen Deighton to Knaresborough via Wetherby and Spofforth .
14145	none	His first wife was Alice Silverthorne of the USA , whom he met in Paris in May 1921 and married in Chicago in September of the same year .	none	His first wife was Alice Silverthorne from the United States, whom he met in Paris in May 1921 and married in Chicago in September of the same year.	His first wife was Taylor Silverthorne of the USA , whom he met in Paris in May 1921 and married in Chicago in September of the same year .
14147	none	Paul Okoh is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana . He is currently Egypt 's ambassador to Ghana .	none	Paul Okoh is a Ghanaian diplomat and member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana. He is currently Egypt's ambassador to Ghana.	Cameron Okoh is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana . He is currently Egypt 's ambassador to Ghana .
14159	none	Maria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ( born September 20 , 1975 in Aria Asia Argento ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and film director .	none	==Early life==Aria Argento was born in Aria Asia Argento, Italy, in 1975.	Crystal Crystal Vittoria Rossa Argento ( born September 20 , 1975 in Aria Asia Argento ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and film director .
14170	none	The Irfon defines the northern limit of the Mynydd Epynt area between Llanwrtyd Wells and Builth Wells .	none	The Irfon defines the northern boundary of the Mynydd-Epynt area between Llanwrtyd Wells and Builth Wells.	The Irfon defines the northern limit of the Mynydd Epynt area between Llanwrtyd Mason and Builth Mason .
14179	none	In 1917 , Jack Johnson managed " Johnson 's Topeka Giants , " a team that played at least one game against the All Nations base ball club .	none	In 1917, Jack Johnson managed " Johnson's Topeka Giants," a team that played at least one game against the All Nations Baseball Club.	In 1917 , Jack Chad managed " Chad 's Topeka Giants , " a team that played at least one game against the All Nations base ball club .
14182	none	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children , Lothe , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .	none	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from an earlier relationship.	He currently lives with his partner Victoria in Odda and has three children , Lothe , Ida and Vetle , from a previous relationship .
14189	none	Graham Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where he is currently the Assistant Manager .	none	He is a Scottish footballer who plays for Elgin City, where he is currently an Assistant Manager.	Alex Bayne ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who also plays for Elgin City , where he is currently the Assistant Manager .
14196	none	Joey Ellis was in the role of Nathan Bryon , who would be introduced from his hometown as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke .	none	Joey Ellis was in the role of Nathan Bryon, who would be introduced from his hometown as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke.	Travis Ellis was in the role of Nathan Bryon , who would be introduced from his hometown as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke .
14202	none	After the cry , Vince Neil John Corabi replaced temporarily in Mötley Crüe .	none	After the scream, Vince Neil John Corabi temporarily replaced in Mötley Crüe.	After the cry , Derek Neil John Corabi replaced temporarily in Mötley Crüe .
14215	none	He considers C. S. Lewis a negative influence and has accused Lewis of featuring emotional propaganda , misogyny , racism , and religious sadism in his books .	none	He regards C. S. Lewis as a negative influence and has accused Lewis of emotional propaganda, misogynia, racism and religious sadism in his books.	He considers C. S. Paul a negative influence and has accused Paul of featuring emotional propaganda , misogyny , racism , and religious sadism in his books .
14219	none	When Howard was seven years old , however , Akeel Lynch was murdered , sending Akeel into mental health problems .	none	When Howard was seven years old, however, Akeel Lynch was murdered, sending Akeel into psychological problems.	When Jayden was seven years old , however , Akeel Lynch was murdered , sending Akeel into mental health problems .
14228	none	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship .	none	Chelsey Tregear (also known as Chelsey Nash) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship.	Kimberly Tregear ( also known as Kimberly Nash ) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship .
14233	none	Julia also privately told Do that she had read her letters to Elinor .	none	Julia also privately told Do that she had read her letters to Elinor.	Julia also privately told Do that she had read her letters to Katherine .
14246	none	Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Alessandro Giannessi and João Sousa defeated Maxime Teixeira 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 3 in the final .	none	Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Alessandro Giannessi and João Sousa defeat Maxime Teixeira 6 - 4, 6 - 3 in the final.	Pierre-Hugues Gregory and Alessandro Giannessi and João Sousa defeated Maxime Teixeira 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 3 in the final .
14256	none	Gaines came from New York to Ephraim Fletcher in 1836 and settled in Van Vleet Road ( Section 16 ) .	none	Gaines came from New York to Ephraim Fletcher in 1836 and settled at Van Vleet Road (section 16).	Gaines came from New York to Kenneth Fletcher in 1836 and settled in Van Vleet Road ( Section 16 ) .
14272	none	The former actor James Whitmore , who performed with Conlan Carter and " Combat ! " in the television series " The Law and Mr. Jones " .	none	The former actor James Whitmore, who appeared with Conlan Carter and "Combat!" in the TV series "The Law and Mr. Jones".	The former actor James Whitmore , who performed with Conlan Carter and " Combat ! " in the television series " The Law and Mr. James " .
14277	none	She occasionally served Bella Bella , Skidegate ( Queen - Charlotte Islands ) and several other small , north-western coastal villages .	none	She occasionally served Bella Bella, Skidegate (Queen - Charlotte Islands) and several other small, northwestern coastal villages.	She occasionally served Alexandra Alexandra , Skidegate ( Queen - Charlotte Islands ) and several other small , north-western coastal villages .
14286	none	This drama is written by Doctor Ali Arslan , directed by Naeem Khan and produced by Eveready Pictures .	none	This drama is written by Dr. Ali Arslan, directed by Naeem Khan and produced by Eveready Pictures.	This drama is written by Doctor Ali Arslan , directed by Ethan Khan and produced by Eveready Pictures .
14287	none	These canons were later rejected by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692 but approved by Pope Constantine .	none	These cannons were later rejected by the Eastern Council at Trullo in 692, but approved by Pope Constantine.	These canons were later rejected by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692 but approved by Pope Aaron .
14288	none	The single is Paisley 's fifth consecutive Number One single on the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs charts , as well as his ninth overall Number One .	none	The single is Paisley's fifth in a row number one single on the " Billboard" Hot Country Songs Charts, as well as his ninth total number one.	The single is Grace 's fifth consecutive Number One single on the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs charts , as well as his ninth overall Number One .
14292	none	Since the 19th century , artificial beings have been common in fiction , as in Mary Shelley 's " Frankenstein " or Karel Čapek 's " R.U.R .	none	Since the 19th century, artificial beings have been common in fiction, such as Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein" or Karel Čapek's" R.U.R.	Since the 19th century , artificial beings have been common in fiction , as in Mia Shelley 's " Frankenstein " or Karel Čapek 's " R.U.R .
14306	none	Thomas Johansson won against Renzo Furlan in the finals with 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 4 .	none	Thomas Johansson won against Renzo Furlan in the final with 6 - 3, 6 - 4.	Jeffrey Johansson won against Renzo Furlan in the finals with 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 4 .
14308	none	Initially , Owens was unimpressed , but Rich liked it , and they recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12 , 1963 .	none	Originally Owens was unimpressed, but Rich liked it, and they took it with the Buckaroos on February 12, 1963.	Initially , Owens was unimpressed , but James liked it , and they recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12 , 1963 .
14310	none	Cyrus Engerer wrote a biography of Labour - Party leader , Prime Minister Dr. Joseph Muscat .	none	Cyrus Engererer wrote a biography of Labour Party leaders, Prime Minister Dr. Joseph Muscat.	Cyrus Engerer wrote a biography of Labour - Party leader , Prime Minister Dr. Ian Muscat .
14317	none	He was the brother of actor Ida Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Barry Lupino .	none	He was the brother of actor Ida Lupino (1882 - 1962) and father of Barry Lupino.	He was the brother of actor Lindsey Lupino ( 1882 -- 1962 ) and the father of Barry Lupino .
14336	none	This inspires Commander Mark Harmon ( played by José Jiménez ) to recite some of Wally Schirra 's lines , to the great amusement of everyone at the table .	none	This inspired Commander Mark Harmon (played by José Jiménez ) to recite some of Wally Schirra's lines to the great entertainment of all at the table.	This inspires Commander Mark Hunter ( played by José Jiménez ) to recite some of Wally Schirra 's lines , to the great amusement of everyone at the table .
14340	none	In December 1945 , the Soviets installed Kim as chairman of the North Korean branch of the Korean Communist Party .	none	In December 1945, Kim was appointed by the Soviets as chairman of the North Korean branch of the Communist Party of Korea.	In December 1945 , the Soviets installed Madison as chairman of the North Korean branch of the Korean Communist Party .
14354	none	He was the brother of Otto Sutermeister , her grandfather was the folklorist Hans Martin Sutermeister .	none	He was the brother of Otto Sutermeister, her grandfather was the folklorist Hans Martin Sutermeister.	He was the brother of Otto Sutermeister , her grandfather was the folklorist Hans Tyler Sutermeister .
14356	none	Thomas Johansson won in the final 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 4 against Renzo Furlan .	none	Thomas Johansson won 6 - 3, 6 - 4 against Renzo Furlan in the final.	Angel Johansson won in the final 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 4 against Renzo Furlan .
14357	none	He joined Asa Danforth and Ephraim Webster , the first whites to settle there and who had been given permission from the Onondaga to live there .	none	He joined Asa Danforth and Ephraim Webster, the first whites to settle there, who had been given the permission of Onondaga to live there.	He joined Asa Danforth and Daniel Webster , the first whites to settle there and who had been given permission from the Onondaga to live there .
14358	none	" Mound City " was sold to W. K. Adams at an auction in Tuscumbia on November 29 , 1865 .	none	He was sold to W. K. Adams at an auction in Tuscumbia.	" Mound City " was sold to W. K. Adrian at an auction in Tuscumbia on November 29 , 1865 .
14359	none	Herman Johannes married Annie Marie Gilbertine Amalo in 1955 .	none	Herman Johannes married Annie Marie Gilbertine Amalo in 1955.	Herman Johannes married Melissa Marie Gilbertine Amalo in 1955 .
14361	none	The Irish team consisted of Ken Doherty , Fergal O ’ Brien and Michael Judge along with Murphy as sub .	none	The Irish team consisted of Ken Doherty, Fergal O. Brien and Michael Judge together with Murphy as Sub.	The Irish team consisted of Ken Doherty , Fergal O ’ Brien and Michael Judge along with Jose as sub .
14365	none	Agriphila straminella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae . It was found by Michael Denis and Ignaz Schiffermüller in 1775 , and is described in Europe .	none	Agriphila straminella is a species of butterfly in the Crambidae family. It was found in 1775 by Michael Denis and Ignaz Schiffermüller and is described in Europe.	Agriphila straminella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae . It was found by Michael Patrick and Ignaz Schiffermüller in 1775 , and is described in Europe .
14366	none	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy and arrested in his home in New Jersey , Proprietary House , and imprisoned for a time .	none	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy and arrested at his home in New Jersey, Proprietary House, and for a while.	Mason was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy and arrested in his home in New Jersey , Proprietary House , and imprisoned for a time .
14370	none	She also had a side role in the film " Bob Roberts " , as Dolores Perrigrew in 1992 .	none	She also had a supporting role in the movie " Bob Roberts", as Dolores Perrigrew in 1992.	She also had a side role in the film " Aaron Roberts " , as Dolores Perrigrew in 1992 .
14374	none	On 9 December 1979 , Carl von Basedow died as a result of a serious lung complaint in the Otto Müller clinic in Merseburg .	none	==Death==Carl von Basedow died in Merseburg on 27 December 1979 of a severe lung complaint at the Otto Müller Hospital.	On 9 December 1979 , Carl Patrick Basedow died as a result of a serious lung complaint in the Otto Müller clinic in Merseburg .
14386	none	All songs were co-written by Fat Joe , except " Who 's That " , which was written , produced , and arranged by R. Kelly .	none	All songs were co-written by Fat Joe, except "Who's That", which was written, and arranged by R. Kelly.	All songs were co-written by Fat Joe , except " Who 's That " , which was written , produced , and arranged by R. Haley .
14396	none	Annie Marie Gilbertine Amalo married Herman Johannes in 1955 .	none	Annie Marie Gilbertine Amalo married Herman Johannes in 1955.	Rebecca Marie Gilbertine Amalo married Herman Johannes in 1955 .
14403	none	Later , both Nicole and Russ refused to attend Sam 's funeral .	none	Later, Nicole and Russ refused to attend Sam's funeral.	Later , both Angela and Russ refused to attend Sam 's funeral .
14412	none	He was the second son of Leonor Rodrigues and Mrs. Gil Aires born .	none	He was the second son of Leonor Rodrigues and wife Gil Aires.	He was the second son of Leonor Rodrigues and Mrs. Daniel Aires born .
14415	none	Despite Chuck D and Public Enemy 's success , Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind their work .	none	Despite Chuck D and Public Enemy's success, Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind her work.	Despite Jose D and Public Enemy 's success , Jose D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind their work .
14424	none	The Liberal Party retained John Olsen as the leader , partly because his main competitor , Stan Evans , lost his seat to Independent Liberal Dean Brown .	none	The Liberal Party retained John Olsen as leader, partly because his main competitor, Stan Evans, lost his seat to Independent Liberal Dean Brown.	The Liberal Party retained Tyler Olsen as the leader , partly because his main competitor , Stan Evans , lost his seat to Independent Liberal Dean Brown .
14425	none	The eldest son of Doug and Lyn Enoch from Stradbroke Island , Wesley Enoch grew up in Brisbane . He is the brother of Queensland government minister Leeanne Enoch .	none	The eldest son of Doug and Lyn Enoch from Stradbroke Island, Wesley Enoch grew up in Brisbane. He is the brother of Queensland Government Minister Leeanne Enoch.	The eldest son of Doug and Lyn Joseph from Stradbroke Island , Wesley Joseph grew up in Brisbane . He is the brother of Queensland government minister Leeanne Joseph .
