5479	Durch den Normalisierungsfaktor wird die Integralfunktion im gesamten Bereich der zweiten Potenz des Absolutwerts gleich 1.	The normalization factor makes the integral over all space of the square of the absolute value equal to 1.	The normalization factor makes the integral function equal to 1 over the entire range of the second power of the absolute value.	The normalization factor makes the integral equal to 1 over the entire space of the square of the absolute value.	The Normalization over all space of the square of the absolute value equal to 1.	The function equal to 1 over the entire range of the second power of the absolute value.
3911	Als die neue Regierung jedoch die politischen Seiten wechselte, wurde Cerdàs Plan abgelehnt und als die lokale Regierung einen Projektwettbewerb veranstaltete, verlor Cerdà diesen.	However, when the new government changed political sides, Cerdà's plan was rejected and when the local government held a project competition, which Cerdà lost.	However, when the new government switched political sides, Cerdà's plan was rejected and when the local government held a project competition, Cerdà lost it.	However, when the new government changed political sides, Cerdà's plan was discarded and as the local government held a project competition which Cerdà lost.	However political sides, Cerdà's plan was rejected and when the local government held a project competition, which Cerdà lost.	However, sides, Cerdà's plan was rejected and when the local government held a project competition, Cerdà lost it.
436	Am 25. Juni 1866 wurde er zum Titularbischof von „Nisa in Lycia” und zum Bischof von Velletri ernannt.	On June 25, 1866, he was appointed titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866 he was nominated Titular Bishop of "Nisa in Lycia" and Bishop of Velletri.	He was appointed as titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia ''and auxiliary bishop of Velletri on 25 June 1866.	On June was appointed titular Bishop of "Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June was nominated titular Bishop of "Nisa in Lycia "and Bishop of Velletri.
3668	Aus ihrer zweiten Ehe mit dem Geschäftsmann Babis Lazaridis hat sie einen Sohn, Vasilis.	From her second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.	She has a son, Vasilis, from her second marriage to businessman Babis Lazaridis.	From the second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.	From her businessman Babis Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.	She, Vasilis, from her second marriage to businessman Babis Lazaridis.
1015	Die Saison 2008/2009 war für Colorado Avalanche die 37. Saison als Franchisemannschaft, die 30. in der National Hockey League und die 14. unter dem Namen „Colorado Avalanche“.	The season 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche was the 37th season of the franchise, 30th in the National Hockey League and the 14th as Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008/2009 season was Colorado Avalanche's 37th season as a franchise, 30th in the National Hockey League and 14th under the Colorado Avalanche name.	The 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche season was the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The season the 37th season of the franchise, 30th in the National hockey League and the 14th as Colorado avalanche.	The 2008/2009 season season as a franchise, 30th in the National hockey League and 14th under the Colorado avalanche name.
2175	Sie haben 13 anale Weichstacheln, 11 bis 13 dorsale Weichstrahlen, 2 Rückenstacheln und 11 bis 13 Analstrahlen.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 back spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 dorsal spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 dorsal spines, and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They have 11 to 13 Dorsal soft rays, 2 back Spines and 11 to 13 Anal rays.	They, 11 to 13 Dorsal soft rays, 2 Dorsal Spines and 11 to 13 Anal rays.
7676	Zum letzten Mal wurde das „Fallbeil” in Ostdeutschland 1949 und in Westdeutschland 1966 eingesetzt.	The ``Fallbeil ''was used for the last time in East Germany in 1949, in West Germany in 1966.	The guillotine was last used in East Germany in 1949 and in West Germany in 1966.	The ``case ''was used for the last time in 1949 in East Germany, 1966 in West Germany.	Was used for the last time in East Germany in 1949, in West Germany in 1966.	The used in East Germany in 1949 and in West Germany in 1966.
5686	Eine internationale Gruppe unabhängiger Experten untersuchte die Auswirkung des Unfalls und zog den Schluss, dass in dessen Folge niemand getötet oder vergiftet wurde.	An international independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international group of independent experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result.	An international independent group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was poisoned or killed as a result of the accident.	An international independent group the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	Experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result.
2854	Das ich verlor, das ich verließ.	That I have lost that I left.	That I lost, that I left	That I left that I have lost.	Have lost that I left.	I lost, that I left
1379	Die Canal Street wurde im Jahr 1790 für den Verkehr freigegeben und um 1870 in Oxford Canal umbenannt.	The Canal Street was opened in 1790 and the street was named Oxford Canal around 1870.	Canal Street was opened to traffic in 1790 and renamed the Oxford Canal around 1870.	Canal Street was opened in 1790 and the street was named after the 1870 Oxford Canal.	The opened in 1790 and the street was named Oxford Canal around 1870.	Canal Street traffic in 1790 and renamed the Oxford Canal around 1870.
5559	ACVM hat seinen Hauptsitz in Glasgow und unterhält Niederlassungen in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester und Milton Keynes.	ACVM is based in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is headquartered in Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is located in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	Acvm is based offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.
6360	Die irische Landstraße R205 verläuft von der R199 in County Cavan zur nordirischen Grenze bei County Leitrim meistens in County Fermanagh.	The R205 road is a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Cavan to the Northern Ireland border at County Leitrim, mostly in County Fermanagh.	The Irish R205 road runs mostly in County Fermanagh from the R199 in County Cavan to the Northern Ireland border at County Leitrim.	Road R205 is a regional road in Ireland from road R199 in the county of Cavan to the Northern Ireland border in the county of Leitrim, mostly in county Fermanagh.	The R205 road from the R199 road in county Cavan to the northern Ireland border at County Leitrim, mostly in county Fermanagh.	The Irish R205 Fermanagh from the R199 in county Cavan to the northern Ireland border at County Leitrim.
2304	Hoppkorv war das letzte Album der amerikanischen Bluesrock-Band Hot Tuna, und ihr siebtes Studioalbum, das für Grunt Records als Grunt BFL1-1920 aufgenommen wurde.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the final album by American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album, recorded for Grunt Records as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album of the American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna and their seventh studio album for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the rock band hot Tuna, and their Seventh studio album recorded for grunt records, as grunt Bfl1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the rock band hot Tuna, and their Seventh studio album, recorded for grunt records as grunt Bfl1-1920.
5779	Die Besetzung konzentriert sich hauptsächlich auf Alternative und Indie.	The cast is focused mainly on alternative music and indie music.	The cast is mostly alternative and indie focused.	The cast is focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	Is focused mainly on alternative music and Indie music.	Is mostly alternative and Indie focused.
3461	Sinowjew Arbeiten wurden bisher aufgeführt von Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra und Avanti!	Zinovjev's works have been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinoviev's works have been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far Zinovjev's works have been performed by the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Lahti Symphony Orchestra, the Kymi Sinfonietta, the Oulu Symphony Orchestra and the Avanti!	So far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinoviev by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!
4304	Das Spiel wurde für seine angenehme Umgebung, sein breites und interaktives Steuerschema und sein innovatives Gameplay gelobt.	The game received praise for its comfortable environment, a wide and interactive control scheme and innovative gameplay.	The game was praised for its pleasant environment, broad and interactive control scheme, and innovative gameplay.	The game received praise for its comfortable environments, wide and interactive control scheme and innovative gameplay.	For its comfortable environment, a wide and interactive control scheme and innovative Gameplay.	The its pleasant environment, broad and interactive control scheme, and innovative Gameplay.
2247	Bemerkenswert ist auch, dass der folgende Code ohne ADL funktionieren würde (er wird sowieso darauf angewendet).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied to it anyway).	It's also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it's applied to it anyway).	It's also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is applied to it anyway).	It is also code would work without Adl (it will be applied to it anyway).	It that the following code would work without Adl (it's applied to it anyway).
1683	Adam Surat („Inner Strength“) ist ein Dokumentarfilm von Tareque Masud aus dem Jahr 1989 über den Maler Sheikh Mohammed Sultan aus Bangladesch.	Adam Surat (``Inner Strength '') is a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat ("Inner Strength") is a 1989 documentary film directed by Tareque Masud about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat (``The Inner Strength '') is a 1989 Bangladeshi documentary film about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan, directed by Tareque Masud.	Adam Surat (is a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat ("a 1989 documentary film directed by Tareque Masud about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.
6273	Die am häufigsten gesponnene tierische Faser ist Schafswolle. Für Handarbeiten und zum Hobbystricken werden oftmals Wolle und Acrylfasern verwendet.	The most frequently spun animal fibre is wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick wool and acrylic yarns are often used.	The most commonly spun animal fiber is sheep's wool. Wool and acrylic fibers are often used for handicrafts and hobby knitting.	The most commonly spun animal fiber is wool harvested from sheep. For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick, wool and acrylic yarns are frequently used.	Is wool harvested from sheep . For hand knitting and hobby knitting, thick wool and acrylic yarns are often used.	The most commonly's wool . wool and acrylic fibers are often used for handicrafts and hobby knitting.
644	Um Hoth zu entwickeln, haben die Designer viel Material aus „Das Imperium schlägt zurück“ verwendet, um eine möglichst authentische Nachbildung herzustellen.	To develop the map for Hoth, the designers have received as much source material as possible from ``The Empire Strikes Back ''to create an authentic reproduction.	To create Hoth, the designers used a lot of material from The Empire Strikes Back to create the most authentic recreation possible.	To develop the map for Hoth, the designers obtained as much source material from ``The Empire Strikes Back ''as possible so to create an authentic reproduction.	To develop the map received as much source material as possible from "the Empire strikes back "to create an authentic reproduction.	To create Hoth lot of material from the Empire strikes back to create the most authentic recreation possible.
4483	Die Grundzüge der Systemtheorien wurden in „Seasonal Variation of Eskimo“ von Julian Steward dargelegt und später im Buch von Marcel Mauss wieder aufgegriffen.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward's ''Seasonal Variation of Eskimo ``, which was later repeated in Marcel Mauss' work.	The basics of the systems theories were presented in Julian Steward's "Seasonal Variation of Eskimo" and later taken up again in the book by Marcel Mauss.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward ``Seasonal Variation of Eskimo '', echoed later in Marcel Mauss's work.	Can be seen in Julian Steward's "seasonal variation of Eskimo ", which was later repeated in Marcel Mauss' work.	The presented in Julian Steward's "seasonal variation of Eskimo "and later taken up again in the book by Marcel Mauss.
6566	Der Papst schlug 1980 eine Lösung vor, die von Chile akzeptiert, von Argentinien jedoch abgelehnt wurde.	The Pope proposed in 1980 a solution that was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.	The Pope proposed a solution in 1980 that was accepted by Chile but rejected by Argentina.	The Pope proposed a solution accepted by Chile in 1980 and rejected by Argentina.	In 1980 a solution that was accepted by Chile and rejected by Argentina.	The solution in 1980 that was accepted by Chile but rejected by Argentina.
3332	Der Azusa Campus der Azusa Pacific University befindet sich im San Gabriel Valley, nordöstlich von Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of Azusa Pacific University is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
4809	2012 spielte Gil als Jennifer la Pena im TV-Remake des Films „Mundo Man ay Magunaw“ von Salvador Royales mit.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films ''Mundo Man ay Magunaw ``as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil starred as Jennifer la Pena in the TV remake of the Salvador Royales film Mundo Man ay Magunaw.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV remake of the Salvador Royales film ``Mundo Man ay Magunaw ''as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012 TV - remake of the Salvador - Royales - films "Mundo man AY Magunaw "as Jennifer La Pena.	In 2012 La Pena in the TV remake of the Salvador Royales film Mundo man AY Magunaw.
2460	Während die Kämpfergruppe 33d inaktiv war, wurde sie mit der taktischen Gruppe 33d zur taktischen Kämpfergruppe 33d zusammengelegt.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was merged with the 33d Tactical Group as a 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was merged with the 33d Tactical Group to form the 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated with the 33d Tactical Group as the 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	While the, it was merged with the 33d tactical group as a 33d tactical fighter group.	While the 33d it was merged with the 33d tactical group to form the 33d tactical fighter group.
2290	Erginus galkini ist eine Meeresschneckenart, eine Echte Napfschnecke, ein echtes Gastropoden-Weichtier aus der Familie der Lottiidae, eine der Meeresnapfschneckenfamilien.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a true gastropod mollusk in the Lottiidae family, one of the families of the Marinelimpets.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea slug, a true limpet, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the sea limpet families.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of marine limpets.	Sea snail, a true Limpet, a true Gastropod Mollusk in the Lottiidae family, one of the families of the Marinelimpets.	Erginus Galkini is a true Limpet, a true Gastropod Mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the sea Limpet families.
4355	Ibn Amira wurde in Valencia, einer Provinz von Alzira, geboren.	Ibn Amira was born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born in Valencia, a province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born at Valencia in the province of Alzira.	Ibn born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Was born in Valencia, a province of Alzira.
6484	Alles konzentriert sich hauptsächlich auf alternative Musik und Indie-Musik.	The line-up is mainly focused on alternative music and indie music.	Everything is mainly focused on alternative music and indie music.	The cast is focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The mainly focused on alternative music and Indie music.	Everything focused on alternative music and Indie music.
3829	Eine Analyse, die Millionen öffentlicher RSA-Schlüssel aus dem Internet vergleicht, wurde 2012 von Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung und Wachter publik gemacht.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys from around the internet was published in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys collected from the Internet was announced by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	An analysis comparing millions the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis comparing millions the Internet was published in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.
1560	Die Colorado-Avalanche-Saison 2008/2009 war die 37. Saison von Franchise, die 30. in der National Hockey League und die 14. als Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche season was the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008-2009 Colorado Avalanche season was the franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National Hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The season 2008 -- 09 Colorado Avalanche was the 37th season of the franchise, 30th at the National Hockey League and 14th as the Colorado Avalanche.	The 2008--franchise's 37th season, 30th in the National hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado avalanche.	The 2008-2009 Colorado avalanche 37th season, 30th in the National hockey League, and 14th as the Colorado avalanche.
2167	In Japan und Asien ist für das Manga ein gleichnamiges Video Spiel für den Sega Mega Drive zu haben.	The manga has a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	In Japan and Asia, a video game of the same name for the Sega Mega Drive is available for the manga.	The manga has a videogame for the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Asia and Japan.	The Manga for the Sega mega drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	In Japan game of the same name for the Sega mega drive is available for the Manga.
6742	Tim Henman gewann im Finale mit 6 zu 7, 6 zu 4 und 7 zu 6 gegen Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman won in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman defeated Pete Sampras in the finals 6-7, 6-4, and 7-6.	Tim Tim Henman won 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras in the finals.	Tim final 6--7, 6--4, 7--6 against Pete Sampras.	Pete Sampras in the Finals 6-7, 6-4, and 7-6.
4437	Maurice Cossmann (18. September 1850 - 17. Mai 1924), der mit vollem Namen Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann hieß, war ein französischer Paläontologe und Malakologe.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924), whose full name was Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann, was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name of Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850--17 may 1924) was a French Paleontologist and Malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann (September, 1924), whose full name was Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann, was a French Paleontologist and Malacologist.
3608	Der AR5 enthält neues Wissen zu den wissenschaftlichen, technischen und sozio-ökonomischen Aspekten des Klimawandels.	The AR5 provides an update of knowledge on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.	The AR5 contains new knowledge on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.	The AR5 provides an update of knowledge about the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.	Update of knowledge on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.	New knowledge on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.
3436	Dies war das dritte von drei erstklassigen Hotels, die im Hauptgeschäftsbezirk gebaut werden sollten.	This was the third of three first-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	This was the third of three premier hotels to be built in the CBD.	This was the third of three first-class hotels built in the central business district.	This was three first-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	This of three Premier hotels to be built in the Cbd.
6293	Das Album wurde jedoch von Madonna, Prince und Michael Jackson beeinflusst.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, the album was influenced by Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	Album was influenced by Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson.
4877	Am Ende landete er zwei Schläge hinter Bubba Watson und Louis Oosthuizen und beklagte seine Leistung beim Putten als Grund weshalb er das Turnier nicht gewann.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He ended up finishing two shots behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen, and lamented his putting performance as the reason he didn't win the tournament.	He finished two blows behind Louis Oosthuizen and Bubba Watson and lamented his putting - performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished and Louis Oosthuizen and Bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He ended up finishing two Oosthuizen, and Lamented his putting performance as the reason he didn't win the tournament.
2365	Bala steht auf einer hohen und schneebedeckten Ebene, die Sommer sind warm, die Winter kalt.	Bala stands on a high and snowy plain, summers are hot, winters are cold.	Bala stands on a high and snowy plain, summers are warm, winters are cold.	Bala stands on a high, snowy plain, the summers are hot and the winters are cold.	Bala stands and snowy plain, Summers are hot, winters are cold.	A high and snowy plain, Summers are warm, winters are cold.
2152	Rashidi wurde nicht angeklagt, aber von den marokkanischen Behörden bei seiner Festnahme in sein Heimatland zurückgeschickt.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when he was detained.	Rashidi was not charged but was sent back to his home country by the Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by the Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was not was Repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when he was detained.	But was sent back to his home country by the Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.
5790	Ganj Basoda ist eine Stadt im indischen Bundesstaat Madhya Pradesh in der Nähe von Udaipur.	Ganj Basoda is a town in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Ganj Basoda is a city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Ganj Basoda is a city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	A town in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.	Ganj city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Udaipur.
1188	Françoise Dürr besiegte Evonne Goolagong mit 6:4, 6:2	Françoise Dürr defeated Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr defeated Evonne Goolagong 6-4, 6-2	Françoise Dürr defeated Goolagong Evonne 6: 4, 6: 2	Françoise Evonne Goolagong 6--4, 6--2	Defeated Evonne Goolagong 6-4, 6-2
6473	Doch die Red Bulls verloren die erste Runde der Playoffs.	But the Red Bulls lost the 1st round of the playoffs.	But the Red Bulls lost the first round of the playoffs.	The Red Bulls made but lost the 1st round of the playoffs.	But bulls lost the 1ST round of the Playoffs.	Red bulls lost the first round of the Playoffs.
6296	Ihre Arbeit ist auch mit der Schottischen Schule und der volkstümlichen Erzählliteratur von Annie S. Swan in Verbindung gebracht worden.	Her work has also been linked to the Scottish school and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work has also been associated with the Scottish School and the folk fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work has also been linked to the Scottish kailyard school and the popular fiction of Annie S. Swan.	Her work to the Scottish school and the popular fiction of Annie S. swan.	Her associated with the Scottish school and the folk fiction of Annie S. swan.
6282	Nachdem der Halt in Schüptitz 2011 eingestellt worden war, wurde er im Jahr 2012 in Folge von Bürgerprotesten wieder eingeführt.	After the stop in Schüptitz had been discontinued in 2011, it was restored after citizens protests in 2012.	After stopping in Schüptitz in 2011, it was reintroduced in 2012 as a result of civil protests.	After the stop in Schüptitz had been discontinued in 2011, it was restored after civil protests in 2012.	After had been discontinued in 2011, it was restored after citizens protests in 2012.	In 2011, it was reintroduced in 2012 as a result of civil protests.
7522	Die Loyalisten kampierten auf der Westseite des Catawba River, während die Armee von General Charles Cornwalli auf der Ostseite kampierte.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east side.	The Loyalists were camped on the west side of the Catawba River while General Charles Cornwallis' army had camped on the east side.	The loyalists had camped the Catawba River, while the Army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the East side.	The loyalists of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's Army camped on the East side.
5522	In Guyana gibt es etwa 90.000 Katholiken - etwa 12 % der Gesamtbevölkerung, der niedrigste Wert aller südamerikanischen Nationen.	There are about 90,000 Catholics in Guyana-around 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	There are about 90,000 Catholics in Guyana - about 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	There are about 90,000 Catholics in Guyana -- about 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	There are Guyana-Around 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.	There Guyana - about 12% of the total population, the lowest of any South American nation.
271	Katz wurde 1947 in Schweden geboren und zog mit einem Jahr nach New York City.	Katz was born in Sweden in 1947 and moved to New York City at the age of 1.	Katz was born in Sweden in 1947 and moved to New York City when he was a year old.	Katz was born in 1947 in Sweden and moved to New York at the age of one.	Katz was 1947 and moved to New York City at the age of 1.	Katz was born and moved to New York City when he was a year old.
5437	Auf der Dearne Valley-Linie sind täglich zwei Verbindungen nach York und Sheffield unterwegs.	Two services daily operate on the Dearne Valley line to York and Sheffield.	The Dearne Valley line has two daily services to York and Sheffield.	Two lines operate on the Dearne Valley Line daily to York and Sheffield.	Two on the Dearne Valley line to York and Sheffield.	The Dearne two daily services to York and Sheffield.
6803	Obwohl für Xiangqi-Endspiele bemerkenswerte Fähigkeiten gebraucht werden, damit gut gespielt wird, gibt es eine Reihe von weithin bekannten Buchgewinnen und -verlosungen.	Though xiangqi endgames require remarkable skill to be played well, there are a number of widely known book wins and book draws.	Although Xiangqi endgames require remarkable skills to play well, there are a number of well-known book prizes and sweepstakes.	Although Xiangqi - endgames require remarkable skill to be played well, there are a number of widely known book wins and book draws.	Though to be played well, there are a number of widely known book wins and book draws.	Although skills to play well, there are a number of well-known book prizes and sweepstakes.
472	Siebenberg bezeichnete ihn als seinen Lieblingssong auf dem Album ", weil er so rein und persönlich ist.	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg called it his favorite song on the album "because it's so pure and personal.	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so pure and so personal. ''	As his FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg called on the album "because it's so pure and personal.
1439	In Nordamerika migriert die Cabbage-Population je nach Jahreszeit von Kanada nach Mexiko.	Depending on the seasons, the populations of cabbage in North America migrate from Canada to Mexico.	In North America, the Cabbage population migrates from Canada to Mexico depending on the season.	Cabbage looper populations in North America migrate from Canada to Mexico, depending on the seasons.	Depending on populations of cabbage in North America migrate from Canada to Mexico.	In North cabbage population migrates from Canada to Mexico depending on the season.
6713	Die meisten modernen Studenten-Ghettos stammen aus dem Anstieg der weiterführenden Immatrikulationan nach dem zweiten Weltkrieg.	Most modern student ghettos arose from the rise in post-secondary enrollment after World War II.	Most modern student ghettos stem from the rise in post-World War II post-secondary enrollment.	Most modern student ghettos arose from the rise in post-secondary training after World War II.	Most modern from the rise in Post-Secondary enrollment after World War II.	Ghettos stem from the rise in post-World War II Post-Secondary enrollment.
2112	Roger Mortimers erste Frau war Joan Mortimer, die Tochter von James, dem 2. Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, the daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James, 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	First wife was Joan Mortimer, the daughter of James 2ND Baron Audley.	Roger wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James, 2ND Baron Audley.
3761	Vembannur ist ein Dorf im Aruvikkara Taluk des Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, Indien. Vembannur liegt unter dem Nedumangad Panchayat des Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vembannur is a village in the Aruvikkara Taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangad Panchayat of the Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vembannur is a village in the Aruvikkara Taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India. Vembannur lies under the Nedumangad Panchayat of Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vembannur is a village located in the Aruvikkara taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India. Vembannur comes under the Nedumangad panchayat of the Thiruvananthapuram District.	Vembannur Taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India . Vembannur comes under the Nedumangad Panchayat of the Thiruvananthapuram district.	Vembannur Aruvikkara Taluk of the Nedumangad Taluk in Kerala, India . Vembannur lies under the Nedumangad Panchayat of Thiruvananthapuram district.
2560	Die englische Küche dominierte die frühe koloniale Küche. Aber als neue Einwanderer aus anderen Ländern kamen, gewannen andere nationale Suppen an Popularität.	English cooking dominated early colonial cooking; but as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups gained popularity.	English cuisine dominated early colonial cuisine. But as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups gained popularity.	Cooking dominated early colonial cuisine, but other national soups gained popularity as new immigrants arrived from other countries.	Colonial cooking; but as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups gained popularity.	English cuisine . But as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups gained popularity.
6041	Daniil Ostrogski behauptet auch, dass Dimitro der Vater von Bilinskij ist, der auch als „Danilo Dimitrowitsch“ bekannt ist.	Daniil Ostrogski also claims that Dmytro is a father of Bilinsky who is also known as ``Danylo Dmytrovych ''.	Daniil Ostrogsky also claims that Dimitro is the father of Bilinsky, also known as "Danilo Dimitrovich".	Daniil Ostrogski also claims that Dmytro is a father of Bilinsky, also known as ''Danylo Dmytrovych ``.	Daniil Dmytro is a father of Bilinsky who is also known as "Danylo Dmytrovych ".	Daniil Ostrogsky also the father of Bilinsky, also known as "Danilo Dimitrovich ".
1017	Diese waren im Vereinigten Königreich selten, in Europa aber relativ häufig, zumindest für große Lokomotiven.	These were rare in the United Kingdom, but relatively frequent in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were rare in the UK but relatively common in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were rare in the United Kingdom, but relatively common in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These United Kingdom, but relatively frequent in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These UK but relatively common in Europe, at least for large locomotives.
5478	Captain Cassin starb in Washington D.C. Er wurde in Washington begraben, später aber auf den Arlington National Cemetery verlegt.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington D.C. He was buried in Washington but was later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C.. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain D.C . He was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington national cemetery.	Captain D.C . He was buried in Washington but was later moved to Arlington national cemetery.
3926	Bei diesem Festival können Teilnehmer ihre Hoffnungen erneuern und gemeinsam an Traditionen teilnehmen und das in einem Gebiet, das von Tamilen aus beiden Ländern harmonisch aufgeteilt wurde.	This festival also gives the participants an opportunity to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	This festival allows participants to renew their hopes and share in traditions together in an area harmoniously divided by Tamils ​​from both countries.	This festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and to share tradition, in an area that is harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	This festival also to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	This festival hopes and share in traditions together in an area harmoniously divided by Tamils ​​From both countries.
7192	Heinz Kohut sah das normale Ich als Fixierung auf eine grandiose Kindheitsphase an, während andere Post-Freudianer die Rolle der Fixierung im Zusammenhang mit Aggression und Kriminalität untersuchten.	Heinz Kohut saw the normal self as a fixation on a grandiose childhood phase, while other post-Freudians explored the role of fixation in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut saw the normal ego as a fixation on a grandiose childhood phase, while other post-Freudians examined the role of the fixation in the context of aggression and crime.	Heinz Kohut saw the normal self as a fixation upon a grandiose childhood stage, while other post-Freudians explored the role of fixation in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut saw the a grandiose childhood phase, while other Post-Freudians explored the role of fixation in aggression and criminality.	Heinz Kohut saw the a grandiose childhood phase, while other Post-Freudians examined the role of the fixation in the context of aggression and crime.
3817	Der Rotwildbestand kann anders auch über die Geburtenrate reguliert werden.	Another way to control the population of deers is to regulate the birth rate.	The red deer population can also be regulated differently via the birth rate.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is to control the fertility rate.	Control the population of Deers is to regulate the birth rate.	The red also be regulated differently via the birth rate.
5535	Thornwood Common ist ein Dorf an der B1393, in der Gemeinde North Weald Bassett und dem Bezirk Epping Forest von Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393 road, in the civil parish of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393, in the parish of North Weald Bassett and the Borough of Epping Forest of Essex, England.	Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393 road, in the commune of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Thornwood common is, in the civil parish of North Weald Bassett and the Epping forest District of Essex, England.	On the B1393, in the parish of North Weald Bassett and the borough of Epping forest of Essex, England.
853	„Shatterer“ wurde am 13. Juni 1987 in Japan veröffentlicht, wo es von Toho vertrieben wurde.	``Shatterer ''was published on 13 June 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.	"Shatterer" was released on June 13, 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.	``Shatterer ''was released in Japan on 13 June 1987 where it was distributed by Toho.	Published on 13 June 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.	"Shatterer June 13, 1987 in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho.
6180	James Henry Engley wurde am 5. April 1851 in Attleborough in Massachusetts, als Sohn von Eugene D. Engley und seiner Frau, der ehemaligen Mary Kaley, geboren.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.
7007	Vermont grenzt im Norden an Mitcham. im Westen an Nunawiding und Forest Hill, im Süden an Vermont und im Osten an Wantirna und Ringwood.	Vermont is bordered to the north of Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south by Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont borders Mitcham to the north. west on Nunawiding and Forest Hill, south on Vermont, and east on Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont is bordered by Mitcham to the north, Nunawading and Forest Hill to the west, Vermont South to the south and Wantirna and Ringwood to the east.	Vermont is, to the West by Nunawading and forest Hill, to the South by Vermont and to the East by Wantirna and Ringwood.	North . West on Nunawiding and forest Hill, South on Vermont, and East on Wantirna and Ringwood.
6983	Der erste Song, „Every Morning“, ist die Akustikgitarren-Version des letzten Songs „Morning“.	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first song, "Every Morning", is the acoustic guitar version of the last song "Morning".	The first track, ``Every Morning '', is the acoustic version of the last guitar version of`` Morning''.	The every morning "is the acoustic guitar version of the last track "morning ".	The every morning ", is the acoustic guitar version of the last song "morning ".
3776	Am Albert Park Lake in Melbourne fand eine Schwesterveranstaltung statt, die von Fox FM (Melbourne, Australien) gesponsert wurde.	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia) was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne.	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event (Melbourne, Australia) was held at Albert park Lake in Melbourne.
4494	Garrett Whitley erschien erstmals Anfang Juli. Er ist der kriminelle Lehrmeister von Harper Whitley und Steve Whitley und Bruder von Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal mentor of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Garrett Whitley, who is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron, appeared.	Garrett Whitley first appeared is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley . He is the criminal mentor of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.
6294	„2“ Benjamin Hough wurde am 29. August 1806 von Stephen Ford verheiratet, einem Friedensrichter, in Jefferson County mit Elizabeth Core.	``2 ''Benjamin Hough was married on August 29, 1806 by Stephen Ford, Justice of Peace, in Jefferson County with Elizabeth Core.	"2" Benjamin Hough was married to Elizabeth Core on August 29, 1806 by Stephen Ford, a justice of the peace, in Jefferson County.	Benjamin Hough was to married Elizabeth Core on August 29, 1806, by Stephen Ford, justice of the Peace, in Jefferson County.	Was married on August 29, 1806 by Stephen Ford, justice of peace, in Jefferson County with Elizabeth core.	"2 Elizabeth core on August 29, 1806 by Stephen Ford, a justice of the peace, in Jefferson County.
5343	Es ist auch möglich, Desktop-Dateien, die schädliche Codes beinhalten (zum Start von Applikationen), zu starten.	It is also possible to run malicious code containing desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It is also possible to launch desktop files containing malicious codes (used to launch applications).	It is also possible to launch malicious code containing. desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It run malicious code containing Desktop files (which are used to run applications).	It is also files containing malicious codes (used to launch applications).
953	Sie fügte hinzu, dass die Vergewaltigung kurz nach dem Vorfall stattfand.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	That the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	She the rape happened shortly after the incident.
5482	Thompsons kleiner Bruder, Julia, wurde im Jahr 1863 in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio, geboren.	The younger brother of Thompson, Julia, was born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's little brother, Julia, was born in 1863 in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was born in 1863 in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio.	The younger Julia, was born in Charles Martin hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's little was born in 1863 in Charles Martin hall, Geauga County, Ohio.
455	William Llewelyn Williams, besser bekannt als Llewelyn Williams (10. März 1867 - 22. April 1922) war ein radikaler Journalist, Rechtsanwalt und walisischer Politiker der Liberalen Partei.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922) was a radical journalist, barrister and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922) was a radical journalist, Barrister and Welsh liberal party politician.
1223	Georgetown ist auch eine Trinkwasserquelle für Lake Georgetown und die nahe gelegene Stadt Round Rock.	Georgetown is also a source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby city of Round Rock.	Georgetown is also a source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby town of Round Rock.	Georgetown is also a source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby Round Rock city.	Source of drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby city of round rock.	Georgetown is drinking water for Lake Georgetown and the nearby town of round rock.
6546	Colpoda ist ein nierenförmiges Ciliat in organischen, reichen Umgebungen.	Often ``Colpoda ''is a kidney-shaped ciliate representative in organic, rich conditions.	Colpoda is a kidney-shaped ciliate in organic rich environments.	``Colpoda '', a kidney-shaped ciliate representative in organic rich conditions, is common.	Often "a Kidney-Shaped Ciliate representative in organic, rich conditions.	A Kidney-Shaped Ciliate in organic rich environments.
2162	Vorige Minister waren John MacKay, der einen Verdienstorden für Schottischen Gartenbau erhielt, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, und Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBE for Scottish Horticulture services, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Past ministers have been John MacKay, who received an Order of Merit for Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries include John MacKay, who received an MBE for services to Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries received an Mbe for Scottish Horticulture services, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John Maclennan.	Past ministers have an order of merit for Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John Maclennan.
5362	Ihre Kinder waren Barbara, die Deirdre Howley heiratete, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, die Herbert Cohen heiratete und Ellen Eisenstadt, die Marvin Eisenstadt heiratete.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, Eisenstadt, IRA Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, Eisenstadt, IRA Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.
3622	Robbins wurde am 21. September 1933 in Coventry geboren, mit seinem Zwilling David, dem achten und neunten von zwölf Kindern von Charles und Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933 with his twin David, the eighth and ninth of twelve children born to Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born on 21 September 1933 in Coventry, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth child of the twelve of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry twin David, the eighth and ninth of twelve children born to Charles and Jessamine Robbins.
1075	Die "IPA" besteht aus 500 ergänzenden, 300 Basis-Symbolen und 200 zusätzlichen Symbolen.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 supplementary, 300 basic and 200 additional symbols.	The "IPA" consists of 500 supplemental, 300 base symbols and 200 additional symbols.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 complementary, 300 basic and 200 supplementary symbols.	"consists of 500 supplementary, 300 basic and 200 additional symbols.	The consists of 500 supplemental, 300 base symbols and 200 additional symbols.
23	In der mathematischen Astronomie gründet sich sein Ruhm auf der Einführung des Himmelsglobus und seine frühen Beiträge zum Verständnis der Planetenbewegungen.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and his early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is based on the introduction of the celestial globe and his early contributions to the understanding of planetary motion.	His fame is due in mathematical astronomy to the introduction of the astronomical globe and to his early contributions to the understanding of the movement of the planets.	In mathematical to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and his early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In is based on the introduction of the celestial globe and his early contributions to the understanding of planetary motion.
150	Es gehörte zum Hanover Township und dann zum Chatham Township, bevor es 1899 als Florham Park geführt wurde.	It was part of the Hanover Township, then Chatham Township, before being recorded in 1899 as Florham Park.	It was part of Hanover Township and then Chatham Township before being listed as Florham Park in 1899.	It was part of Hanover Township, then Chatham Township before being incorporated as Florham Park in 1899.	It was Township, then Chatham Township, before being recorded in 1899 as Florham park.	Hanover Township and then Chatham Township before being listed as Florham park in 1899.
4512	Lang wurde in Australien geboren und migrierte als junger Mann nach Israel, wo er sich 1961 niederließ.	Lang was born in Australia, migrated to Israel as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Born in Australia, Lang immigrated to Israel as a young man, settling there in 1961.	Born in Australia, Lang migrated to Israel as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Lang was migrated to Israel as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Lang Immigrated to Israel as a young man, settling there in 1961.
3937	Die Spielzeit begann am 6. January 1984 in Falun, Norwegen, und endete am 11. März 1984 in Lygna, Schweden.	The season began on 6 January 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended in Lygna, Sweden on 11 March 1984.	The season began on January 6, 1984 in Falun, Norway and ended on March 11, 1984 in Lygna, Sweden.	The season started on 6 January 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended on 11 March 1984 in Lygna, Sweden.	The 1984 in Falun, Norway, and ended in Lygna, Sweden on 11 March 1984.	The season 1984 in Falun, Norway and ended on March 11, 1984 in Lygna, Sweden.
7451	Wyoming Highway 330 ist eine ziemlich kurze von Ost nach West verlaufenden Staatsstraße in Wyoming, die im nordwestlichen Sheridan gelegen ist und den mittleren Teil von Sheridan anbindet.	Wyoming Highway 330 is a fairly short east-west Wyoming State Road located in northwestern Sheridan County that serves the central part of Sheridan.	Wyoming Highway 330 is a fairly short east-west state highway in Wyoming located in Northwest Sheridan and connecting central Sheridan.	Wyoming Highway 330 is a fairly short east - West Wyoming State Road in northwestern Sheridan County that serves the central part of Sheridan.	Fairly short East-West Wyoming state road located in northwestern Sheridan County that serves the central part of Sheridan.	Wyoming highway 330 East-West state highway in Wyoming located in Northwest Sheridan and connecting central Sheridan.
7072	Bis 1991 war es das einzige Theater in Tehama County, und diente bis 1993 als einziges öffentliches Kino.	It was the only stage in Tehama County until 1991, and provided the only public cinema until 1993.	It was the only theater in Tehama County until 1991, and served as the only public movie theater until 1993.	Until 1991, it was the only stage in Tehama County and until 1993 it offered the only public cinema.	Stage in Tehama County until 1991, and provided the only public cinema until 1993.	Theater in Tehama County until 1991, and served as the only public movie theater until 1993.
453	Telefone mit WVGA-Displayauflösung sind mittlerweile zum Standard geworden. Dies ist eine Liste von Mobiltelefonen mit nativer Auflösung.	Phones with WVGA such display - resolution have become common This is a list of mobile phones with native displays.	Phones with WVGA display resolution have now become the standard. This is a list of native resolution mobile phones.	Mobile phones with WVGA such display resolution have become common. This is a list of phones that have native displays.	Phones - resolution have become common this is a list of mobile phones with native displays.	Resolution have now become the standard . This is a list of native resolution mobile phones.
3595	1591 wurde eine Gemeindekirche gegründet, ein Zuzug von Katholiken im 18. Jahrhundert schuf jedoch eine katholische Mehrheit.	A parish church was established in 1591, however with an influx of Catholics in the 18th century, a Catholic majority was built.	A parish church was founded in 1591, but an influx of Catholics in the 18th century created a Catholic majority.	A parish church was founded in 1591, but with an influx of Catholics in the 18th century a Catholic majority was established.	In 1591, however with an influx of Catholics in the 18th century, a Catholic majority was built.	A in 1591, but an influx of Catholics in the 18th century created a Catholic majority.
5580	Um die Slowaken zu besiegen, muss Derek jedoch ein Vampir-Attentäter werden.	However, in order to defeat Slovak, Derek must become a vampire assassin.	However, to defeat the Slovaks, Derek must become a vampire assassin.	However, in order to defeat Slovak, Derek must become a vampire attacker.	However, defeat Slovak, Derek must become a Vampire assassin.	However the Slovaks, Derek must become a Vampire assassin.
7900	Die empirische Beobachtung der entzündungshemmenden Effekte von GLA zeigen, dass die tatsächlichen Effekte von DGLA dominieren.	The empirical observation of GLA's anti-inflammatory effects argues that the actual effects of DGLA dominate.	The empirical observation of the anti-inflammatory effects of GLA show that the actual effects of DGLA are dominant.	The empirical observation of GLA's anti-inflammatory effects argues that DGLA's actual effects dominate.	Of Gla's Anti-Inflammatory effects argues that the actual effects of Dgla dominate.	The Anti-Inflammatory effects of Gla show that the actual effects of Dgla are dominant.
883	1895 wurde der südliche Gyeongsang durch die Bezirke Jinju im Westen und Dongnae (jetzt Busan) im Osten ersetzt.	In 1895, southern Gyeongsang was replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (now Busan) to the east.	In 1895, southern Gyeongsang was replaced by Jinju districts to the west and Dongnae (now Busan) districts to the east.	In 1895, southern Gyeongsang was replaced by the districts of Jinju in the west and Dongnae (modern-day Busan) in the east.	In 1895 by the districts of Jinju in the West and Dongnae (now Busan) to the East.	In 1895, Jinju districts to the West and Dongnae (now Busan) districts to the East.
7093	Eine Schwesterveranstaltung wurde bei Albert Park Lake in Melbourne abgehalten und von Fox FM (Melbourne, Australien) gesponsert.	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A sister event was held at Albert Park Lake in Melbourne and sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	One sister event was held at the Albert Park Lake in Melbourne, Australia and sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne).	A Albert park Lake in Melbourne and was sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).	A at Albert park Lake in Melbourne and sponsored by Fox FM (Melbourne, Australia).
5328	Das Festival ermöglicht Teilnehmern auch neue Hoffnung zu schöpfen und sich von Traditionen zu lösen, in einem Gebiet, in dem Tamilen aus beiden Ländern friedlich zusammenleben.	This festival also gives participants the opportunity to renew hopes and divide them with tradition, in an area harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	The festival also allows participants to find new hope and break away from tradition in an area where Tamils ​​from both countries live together peacefully.	This festival also gives the participants an opportunity to renew hopes and share with tradition, in an area shared harmoniously by Tamils from both countries.	This festival also renew hopes and divide them with tradition, in an area harmoniously shared by Tamils from both countries.	The festival also hope and break away from tradition in an area where Tamils ​​From both countries live together peacefully.
2348	1994 wurde der von Peter Masefield und Donald Wiebe veröffentlichte Band „Aspects of Religion” ihm zu Ehren bearbeitet.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume Aspects of Religion, published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honor.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honour.	In aspects of religion ", published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994 religion, published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honor.
5218	Mark Allen gewann das Finale 1:0 (104:0) gegen Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final 1-0 (104-0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final against Martin Gould with 1: 0 (104 -- 0).	Mark final 1--0 (104--0) against Martin Gould.	The final 1-0 (104-0) against Martin Gould.
6253	Seit 1984 ist Blake mit Patricia Meyer verheiratet und hat zwei Söhne: Ryan (1988 geboren) und Dale (1992 geboren).	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and together they have two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Since 1984 to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Blake has been 1984 and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).
5622	Cancellopollia gracilis ist eine Seeschneckenart, ein Weichtier aus der Familie der Buccinidae, also der Wellhornschnecken.	Cancellopollia gracilis is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Cancellopollia gracilis is a species of sea snail, a mollusk of the Buccinidae family, i.e. whelks.	Cancellopollia gracilis is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the marine whelks.	Cancellopollia Gracilis is snail, a true Gastropod Mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the Marine Whelks.	Species of sea snail, a Mollusk of the Buccinidae family, I.E . Whelks.
7701	Die Entfernung zwischen dem zentralen Geschäftsviertel von Kampala und Kawempe beträgt etwa .	The distance between Kampala's central business district and Kawempe is approximately.	The distance between Kampala CBD and Kawempe is approximately .	The road distance between Kampala's central business district and Kawempe is approximately.	The's central business district and Kawempe is approximately.	The Kampala Cbd and Kawempe is approximately.
5462	Alaja ist ein kleiner Ort in der Provinz Balkan im Westen von Turkmenistan am Kaspischen Meer.	Alaja,, is a small populated place in Balkan Province in western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaja is a small town in the Balkan province in western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaja, is a small populated place in the Balkan province in western Turkmenistan on the Caspian Sea.	Alaja,, place in Balkan province in Western Turkmenistan on the Caspian sea.	Small town in the Balkan province in Western Turkmenistan on the Caspian sea.
7961	Mit Vinny Testaverde als Starter kämpfte Zolak gegen Ray Lucas um einen Job als Backup.	With Vinny Testaverde considered the starter, Zolak was competing against Ray Lucas for a backup job.	With Vinny Testaverde as a starter, Zolak fought Ray Lucas for a job as a backup.	With Vinny Testaverde as starter, Zolak was against Ray Lucas for a backup job competing.	The starter, Zolak was competing against Ray Lucas for a backup job.	With Vinny Testaverde Zolak fought Ray Lucas for a job as a backup.
7	Timora diarhoda ist ein Nachtfalter aus der Familie der Noctuidae. Sie kommt in Afrika, einschließlich Südafrika, vor.	Timora diarhoda is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa, including South Africa.	Timora diarhoda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It occurs in Africa, including South Africa.	Diarhoda is a kind of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South Africa including Africa.	Timora Diarhoda is of the Noctuidae family . It is found in Africa, including South Africa.	Timora of the Noctuidae family . It occurs in Africa, including South Africa.
7712	Er machte Aufnahmen mit der Band von Billy Eckstine und 1946 spielte er mit Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	The band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.
672	Als Kangxi (Hawick Lau) 16 Jahre alt war, beseitigte er den Verräter Oboi und seine Verbündeten.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the Betrayer, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was 16 years old, he eliminated the traitor Oboi and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the traitor, Oboi, and his allies.	When) was sixteen, he eliminated the betrayer, Oboi, and his allies.	When) was 16 years old, he eliminated the traitor Oboi and his allies.
3786	Die meisten Veröffentlichungen des Albums außerhalb Nordamerikas beinhalteten den gleichen Audio-Content, aber die Track Marker wurden abhängig davon, von welchem Label die CD herausgebracht wurde, lokalisiert.	Most of the releases of the album outside North America had the same audio content, but the track markers were located depending on which label the CD released.	Most of the album's releases outside of North America included the same audio content, but the track markers were localized based on which label the CD was issued by.	Most releases of the album outside of North America had the same audio content, but located the track markers differently depending on which label released the CD.	Album outside North America had the same Audio content, but the track markers were located depending on which label the CD released.	Most of North America included the same Audio content, but the track markers were localized based on which label the CD was issued by.
5016	Es ist in drei sehr begrenzten Gebieten in den Bezirken Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula und San Luis Obispo heimisch.	It is home to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is native to three very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo counties.	It is native to three very limited areas located in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey peninsula and San Luis Obispo counties.	It very limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey peninsula and San Luis Obispo counties.
5118	2009 spielte Coolidge die dramatische Rolle der „Geneviève McDonagh“.	In 2009, Coolidge took on a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge played the dramatic role of Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge took a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	Coolidge took on a dramatic role in "as Genevieve Mcdonagh.	, Coolidge played the dramatic role of Genevieve Mcdonagh.
4105	Die römisch-katholische Diözese von Lugazi liegt in der Kirchenprovinz Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is a diocese, located in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is located in the ecclesiastical province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Lugazi is a diocese located in the city of Lugazi in the province of Uganda in Kampala.	The is a diocese, located in the city of Lugazi in the ecclesiastical province of Uganda in Kampala.	The Roman Lugazi is located in the ecclesiastical province of Uganda in Kampala.
7034	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (auch bekannt als Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) ist ein Stammesführer, der zwischen 2001 und 2005 Gouverneur von Helmand in Afghanistan war.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada () is a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.
5579	Ein Multiversum ist eine Ansammlung alternativer Universen mit einer ähnlichen Naturstruktur und einer universalen Hierarchie.	A multiverse is the collection of alternate universes, with a similar nature and a universal hierarchy.	A multiverse is a collection of alternate universes with a similar natural structure and universal hierarchy.	A multiverse is a collection of alternative universes with similar nature and a universal hierarchy.	A of alternate Universes, with a similar nature and a universal hierarchy.	A Multiverse of alternate Universes with a similar natural structure and universal hierarchy.
6307	Jesus verbrachte drei Tage im Bauch des Fisches; Jona wird drei Tage im Grab verbringen.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish; Jonah will spend three days in the grave.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish; Jonah will spend three days in the tomb.	Jesus spent three days in the belly of the fish, and Jonah would spend three days in the grave.	In the belly of the fish; Jonah will spend three days in the grave.	Jesus spent three of the fish; Jonah will spend three days in the tomb.
5065	Schliemann grub fünf Schächte aus und identifizierte sie als die Gräber, auf die Pansanias hingewiesen hatte.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann excavated five shafts and identified them as the graves pointed out by Pansanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausania.	Schliemann cleared recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Shafts and identified them as the graves pointed out by Pansanias.
2342	In seinem Berliner Atelier hingen drei Persönlichkeiten an der Wand: Schopenhauer, Maxwell und Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three personalities hung on the wall in his Berlin studio: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three personalities wall in his Berlin studio: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.
5258	Im Baseball blieb Taylor bis zu seinem Tod weiter als Scout für die Atlanta Braves und Milwaukee und die Chicago White Sox aktiv.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	In baseball, Taylor remained active as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and the Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	In as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and the Chicago White Sox until his death.
7552	„Historia Plantarum Rariorum“ zeigt Pflanzen aus dem Chelsea Physic Garden und dem Cambridge Botanic Garden.	``Historia Plantarum Rariorum ''shows plants from the Chelsea Physic Garden and the Cambridge Botanic Garden.	"Historia Plantarum Rariorum" features plants from the Chelsea Physic Garden and the Cambridge Botanic Garden.	``Historia Plantarum Rariorum ''depicted plants from the Cambridge Botanic Garden and the Chelsea Physic Garden.	"shows plants from the Chelsea Physic garden and the Cambridge Botanic garden.	"Historia plants from the Chelsea Physic garden and the Cambridge Botanic garden.
5591	Die Spezies wurde erstmals 1846 vom Botaniker Stephan Endlicher formell beschrieben, im Zuge des Werks „Irideae Plantae Preissianae“ von Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work ``Irideae Plantae Preissianae ''by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally described by botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 in the course of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work Irideae Plantae Preissianae.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work ``Irideae. Plantae Preissianae ''.	The species Botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work "Irideae Plantae Preissianae "by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was Stephan Endlicher in 1846 in the course of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work Irideae Plantae Preissianae.
775	Das Album wurde von Aníbal Kerpel in Los Angeles aufgenommen. Gemischt wurde es in den „La Casa“-Studios in Los Angeles in Kalifornien.	The album was recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel. Mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles, California.	The album was recorded by Aníbal Kerpel in Los Angeles. It was mixed at La Casa Studios in Los Angeles, California.	The album was recorded in Los Angeles, California by Anibal Kerpel, mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles.	Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel . mixed in "La Casa "studies in Los Angeles, California.	Aníbal Kerpel in Los Angeles . It was mixed at La Casa studios in Los Angeles, California.
1021	Es ist auf der indonesischen Insel Salawati und Vogelkop-Halbinsel in der Provinz Papua, Indonesien, zu finden.	It is found in Indonesia on the island Salawati and on the bird cop peninsula in the province of Papua, Indonesia.	It is found on the Indonesian island of Salawati and Vogelkop Peninsula in Papua Province, Indonesia.	It is found in Indonesia on the island of Salawati and on the Vogelkop Peninsula in Papua Province, Indonesia.	It is found Salawati and on the bird cop peninsula in the province of Papua, Indonesia.	The Indonesian island of Salawati and Vogelkop peninsula in Papua province, Indonesia.
5557	Malet heiratete 1664 Mary Aldworth, Witwe von John Aldworth aus Letcombe Regis, Berkshire, und Tochter von Thomas White aus Fyfield, Berkshire.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire, and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield, Berkshire, in 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, the widow of John Aldworth by Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire until 1664.	Malet married John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas white of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Malet married Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire, and daughter of Thomas white of Fyfield, Berkshire, in 1664.
3891	Wa Kyun ist eine Insel in der Adamanensee, gleich vor der Küste des Mon-Staates im südlichen Gebiet von Burma.	Wa Kyun is an island in the Andaman Sea, right off the coast of Mon State, in the southern area of Burma.	Wa Kyun is an island in the Adaman Sea, just off the coast of Mon State in southern Burma.	Wa Kyun is an island in the Andaman Sea, just off the coast of the State of Mon, in the southern area of Burma.	Wa the Andaman sea, right off the coast of mon state, in the Southern area of Burma.	Wa Kyun is Adaman sea, just off the coast of mon state in Southern Burma.
5968	1924 wurde er als Sprecher für die ICM in Toronto eingeladen, 1932 in Zürich und 1936 in Oslo.	In 1924 he was an invited spokesperson for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	In 1924 he was invited to speak for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in 1936 in Oslo.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Zurich, and in 1936 in Oslo.	In spokesperson for the Icm in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	In 1924 he was Icm in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in 1936 in Oslo.
5765	Sie hatten einigen Erfolg bei live Auftritten in Melbourne, Geelong und Shepparton.	They achieved some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They have had some success performing live in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They achieved some success by playing live shows in Shepparton, Geelong and Melbourne.	They, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	Some success performing live in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.
1370	Bellman starb am 8. Dezember 1931 in Louisville und ist auf dem Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky, begraben.	Bellman died on December 8, 1931 in Louisville and is interred at Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman died in Louisville on December 8, 1931 and is buried in Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman died in Louisville on December 8, 1931, and is buried at the Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman died on in Louisville and is interred at Calvary cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Bellman died 8, 1931 and is buried in Calvary cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.
6952	Nach der Invasion von Polen durch Nazi-Deutschland und der Sowjetunion im Jahr 1939 wurde Osterwa verdeckt im Erziehungswesen aktiv, erkrankte aber auch.	Following the 1939 invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa was active in the underground education but also became ill.	After the invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa became covertly active in education, but also fell ill.	After the invasion of Poland by Nazi - Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa was active in underground education, but also became ill.	Following the Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa was active in the underground education but also became ill.	After the invasion and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa became covertly active in education, but also fell ill.
1129	Es wurde vom Keyboarder Leon Russell und vom Gitarristen Marc Benno komponiert.	It was composed of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was composed by keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was composed by keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It of Keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	Composed by Keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.
1026	Dies ist eine Liste von Programmiersprachen, die für die Soundproduktion, die Zusammenstellung von Algorithmen und die Soundsynthese optimiert wurden.	This is a list of programming languages optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	This is a list of programming languages ​​optimized for sound production, algorithm composition, and sound synthesis.	This is a list of programming languages that are optimized for sound production, algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	This is languages Optimized for sound production, Algorithmic composition, and sound synthesis.	This is languages ​​Optimized for sound production, algorithm composition, and sound synthesis.
3115	Am 14. September 2006 wurde Lang von den Washington Wizards unter Vertrag genommen und im Juli 2017 von den Wizards aus dem Vertrag entlassen.	On 14 September 2006, Lang was signed by the Washington Wizards and released by the Wizards in July 2017.	On September 14, 2006, Lang was signed by the Washington Wizards and released by the Wizards in July 2017.	On September 14, 2006, Lang was signed by the Washington Wizards. In July 2017, Lang was released by the Wizards.	On 14 September signed by the Washington Wizards and released by the Wizards in July 2017.	2006, Lang was signed by the Washington Wizards and released by the Wizards in July 2017.
3613	Wenn Xenon auch selten und relativ schwer aus der Erdatmosphäre zu extrahieren ist, gibt es dafür dennoch große Verwendbarkeit.	Although Xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract the Earth's atmosphere, it has a number of applications.	While xenon is rare and relatively difficult to extract from the Earth's atmosphere, there is still great utility for it.	Although xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract from the Earth's atmosphere, it has a number of applications.	Although xenon expensive to extract the earth's atmosphere, it has a number of applications.	Relatively difficult to extract from the earth's atmosphere, there is still great utility for it.
7472	McMillan verbrachte zwei Jahre beim Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth und später in Didcot, wo er MRS-Untersuchungen an Soldaten durchführte, die im Koreakrieg verwundet worden waren.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he led an MRS for soldiers who were injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years with the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth and later at Didcot, where he conducted MRS studies on soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two in Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where he led an Mrs for soldiers who were injured in the Korean war.	Mcmillan spent two at Tidworth and later at Didcot, where he conducted Mrs studies on soldiers wounded in the Korean war.
2661	Er wurde von seiner Frau, ehemalige Barbara Crutchley, seinen Söhnen Norman F. Boas und Donald P. Boas und seiner Tochter Helen Tuthill Sisson überlebt.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	Wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.
6653	Der amtierende Boss - Rene Piccarreto - der Sohn von Loren Piccarreto wurde 1988 verhaftet und 1994 wieder freigelassen.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- son of Loren Piccarreto arrested 1988 released in 1994.	The incumbent boss - Rene Piccarreto - son of Loren Piccarreto was arrested in 1988 and released in 1994.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- Son of Loren Piccarreto arrested in 1988 in 1994 released.	Acting Piccarreto--son of Loren Piccarreto arrested 1988 released in 1994.	The incumbent - son of Loren Piccarreto was arrested in 1988 and released in 1994.
178	Ned Lambton und McEwen ließen sich 1995 scheiden. Seitdem hat sie den Musiker Jools Holland geheiratet.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995, and since then she has married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned divorced in 1995 . She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Mcewen divorced in 1995 . She has since married musician Jools Holland.
4498	Mats Wilander besiegt Anders Järryd, 6:4, 3:6, 7:5 .	Mats Wilander defeats Anders Järryd, 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 7 - 5.	Mats Wilander defeated Anders Järryd, 6-4, 3-6, 7-5.	Mats Wilander defeats Anders Järryd, 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 7 -- 5.	Järryd, 6--4, 3--6, 7 - 5.	Mats Anders Järryd, 6-4, 3-6, 7-5.
6577	Der Azusa-Campus der Azusa Pacific University ist im San Gabriel Valley, nordöstlich von Los Angeles gelegen.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, situated northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa campus of Azusa Pacific University is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, situated northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
7341	Sowohl die europäische Version als auch die nordamerikanische sind auf Englisch.	Both the European version and the North American version are in English.	Both the European and North American versions are in English.	The North American version and the European version are available in English.	Both the the North American version are in English.	Both and North American versions are in English.
3046	Ahmet Delia wurde früh im albanischen Widerstandskampf gegen die 1912 einmarschierende serbische Armee aktiv.	Ahmet Delia became active early during the Albanian war of resistance against the invading Serb army in 1912.	Ahmet Delia became active early in the Albanian resistance against the invading Serbian army in 1912.	Ahmet Delia was early active during the Albanian war of resistance against the invading Serb army in 1912.	Ahmet during the Albanian war of resistance against the invading Serb Army in 1912.	Ahmet Delia in the Albanian resistance against the invading Serbian Army in 1912.
674	Seine ungefähren Grenzen reichten von Pearl Street bis zur Grier Avenue und von der South Broad Street zur heutigen US-Route 1/9.	Its approximate boundaries were Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and South Broad Street to what is now US 1 '9.	Its approximate boundaries were from Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and from South Broad Street to what is now US Route 1/9.	Its approximate borders were Pearl Street to Grier Avenue and South Broad Street to what is now US 1 & 9.	Its approximate to Grier Avenue and South broad street to what is now us 1' 9.	Its approximate boundaries Grier Avenue and from South broad street to what is now us route 1/9.
394	Im zweiten und dritten Jahr spezialisieren sie sich in einem Hauptfach: Geisteswissenschaften, Verhaltens- und Sozialwissenschaften, Volks- und Betriebswirtschaft oder Biowissenschaften.	In years two and three they specialize in a major: humanities, behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years, they specialize in a major: humanities, behavioral and social sciences, economics and business administration, or life sciences.	In the years two and three they specialize in a major subject: humanities, behavioural social sciences, economics, business or life sciences.	In years in a major: humanities, Behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In they specialize in a major: humanities, behavioral and social sciences, economics and business administration, or life sciences.
2922	Der Fluss Măgheruş  ist ein Nebenfluss des Giuroc in Rumänien.	The Măgheruş River is a tributary of the River Giuroc in Romania.	The Măgheruş River is a tributary of the Giuroc in Romania.	The Măgheruş River is a tributary of the Giuroc River in Romania.	Is a Tributary of the river Giuroc in Romania.	The is a Tributary of the Giuroc in Romania.
7698	Jürgen Melzer gewann der Titel nach seinem Sieg über Michał Przysiężny im Finale mit 6:4, 6:3 .	Jürgen Melzer won the title after defeating Michał Przysiężny in the final with 6: 4, 6: 3.	Jürgen Melzer won the title after beating Michał Przysiężny in the final 6:4, 6:3.	Jürgen Melzer won the title after defeating Michał Przysiężny 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3 in the final.	Jürgen after defeating Michał Przysiężny in the final with 6: 4, 6: 3.	Jürgen Melzer after beating Michał Przysiężny in the final 6:4, 6:3.
937	Vermont South grenzt im Norden an Mitcham, im Westen an Nunawiding und Forest Hill, im Süden an Vermont und im Osten an Wantirna und Ringwood.	Vermont South is bordered to the north by Mitcham, to the west by Nunawading and Forest Hill, to the south of Vermont and to the east by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont South is bordered by Mitcham to the north, Nunawiding and Forest Hill to the west, Vermont to the south, and Wantirna and Ringwood to the east.	Vermont South is bordered by Mitcham to the north, Nunawading and Forest Hill to the west, Vermont to the south and Wantirna and Ringwood to the east.	Vermont South is bordered to West by Nunawading and forest Hill, to the South of Vermont and to the East by Wantirna and Ringwood.	Vermont South is bordered by and forest hill to the West, Vermont to the South, and Wantirna and Ringwood to the East.
2187	Es liegt östlich von Chestnut Ridge, südlich von Nanuet, westlich von Blauvelt, New York, und nördlich von Montvale und Old Tappan.	It is east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan.	It is located east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is east of, West of Blauvelt, New York, and North of Montvale and old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is south of Nanuet, West of Blauvelt, New York, and North of Montvale and old Tappan.
4445	Es ist in der Nähe von Lough Corrib gelegen, an der N59 nach Oughterard und Clifden, in Connemara.	It is near Lough Corrib, on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It is situated near Lough Corrib, on the N59 to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It is close to Lough Corrib, on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It, on the N59 road to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.	It Corrib, on the N59 to Oughterard and Clifden, in Connemara.
4641	1947 kandidierte er erfolglos für das Amt des Stadtrichters von Saint Joseph und 1948 für das Amt des Staatsanwalts von South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	In 1947 he ran unsuccessfully for the office of City Judge of Saint Joseph and in 1948 for the office of District Attorney of South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County City Councilor, and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He was 1947 for saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for Prosecutor of South bend.	For the office of city judge of Saint Joseph and in 1948 for the office of District Attorney of South bend.
901	Sami ist eine Sami-Sprache, die in Schweden und (früher) Norwegen gesprochen wird.	Around Sami is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) in Norway.	Sami is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) Norway.	Ume Sami is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) in Norway.	Around SAMI language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) in Norway.	Sami language spoken in Sweden and (formerly) Norway.
3679	Das Licht im Louvre - das Gemälde ist weicher und wirkt wärmer. Dies kann jedoch auf den Farbton des Lackes an der Oberfläche zurückzuführen sein.	The lighting in the Louvre - painting is softer and seems warmer, but this can be the result of the tone of the varnish on the surface.	The light in the Louvre - the painting is softer and looks warmer. However, this may be due to the color tone of the paint on the surface.	The lighting in the Louvre painting is softer and appears warmer, but this may be the result of the tone of the varnish on the surface.	The lighting in the seems warmer, but this can be the result of the tone of the varnish on the surface.	The painting is softer and looks warmer . However, this may be due to the color tone of the paint on the surface.
6008	Der fertiggestellte Zaun liegt größtenteils in New Mexico, Arizona und Kalifornien, während der Bau in Texas erfolgte.	The completed fence is located mainly in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with the construction in Texas.	Most of the completed fence is in New Mexico, Arizona and California, while construction was in Texas.	The completed fence is mainly in New Mexico, Arizona, and California, with construction underway in Texas.	The completed in New Mexico, Arizona and California, with the construction in Texas.	Most of in New Mexico, Arizona and California, while construction was in Texas.
4164	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), ein weiterer Schüler der Hollywood Arts High School fällt aufgrund einer Fehlfunktion der Surfmaschine in den Whirpool.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid) another student at Hollywood Arts falls into the jacuzzi when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another Hollywood Arts High School student, falls into the hot tub due to a surfing machine malfunction.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Sinjin Van) another student at Hollywood arts falls into the Jacuzzi when a Surfing machine Malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael arts high school student, falls into the hot tub due to a Surfing machine malfunction.
6755	In Joseon wurde der Entwurf verwendet um den Taoismus in Korea zu symbolisieren und die Hoffnung auf Harmonie zwischen Yin und Yang auszudrücken.	In Joseon, the design was used to represent Daoism in Korea and to express the hope for harmony of yin and yang.	In Joseon, the design was used to symbolize Taoism in Korea and to express the hope for harmony between yin and yang.	The draft was used in Joseon to represent Daoism in Korea and express the hope for the harmony of Yin and Yang.	In Joseon to represent Daoism in Korea and to express the hope for harmony of Yin and Yang.	In Joseon to symbolize Taoism in Korea and to express the hope for harmony between Yin and Yang.
6849	wobei steht das Sternchen für die algebraische duale Gruppe steht. Außerdem tritt ein unnatürlicher Isomorphismus auf, wenn „G“ endlich ist	where the star denotes the algebraic dual group. Moreover when ``G ''is finite, there is an unnatural isomorphism	where the asterisk represents the algebraic dual group. Also, an unnatural isomorphism occurs when "G" is finite	Where the star calls the algebraic dual group, there is an unnatural isomorphism when ``G ''is finite.	Where the Star group . Moreover when "G "is finite, there is an unnatural Isomorphism	Where the Asterisk group . Also, an unnatural Isomorphism occurs when "G "is finite
7939	Sein Name - Afolabi - bedeutet „in Wohlstand hineingeboren“. Sein Spitzname in Nigeria war aufgrund seiner Steifheit „Robocop“.	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name - Afolabi - means "born into prosperity". His nickname in Nigeria was "Robocop" due to his stiffness.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname is in Nigeria Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi wealth ". His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name - into prosperity ". His nickname in Nigeria was "Robocop "due to his stiffness.
2416	Er spielte mit seinem Heimatverein Adrigole auf Bezirksliganiveau Herrenfußball und gehörte in den 1960ern und 1970ern zum Cork Gaelic Team.	He played senior inter-county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played at district league level men's football with his hometown club Adrigole and was part of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played Senior Intercounty Football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He his local club Adrigole and was a member of the cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	Men's football with his hometown Club Adrigole and was part of the cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.
319	Am 13. November 2016 wurde David Machado von Dennis Wallace in Fox Grove Park in der Nähe der Stadt Hughson ermordet.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered by Dennis Wallace in Fox Grove Park, near the town of Hughson.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On David Machado was murdered in Fox grove park near the city of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, murdered by Dennis Wallace in Fox grove Park, near the town of Hughson.
3016	Im Juli 2017 war Elmer McCurdy Thema einer Folge von „The Memory Palace“ mit Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the theme of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	Elmer Mccurdy was the theme of an episode of "the memory Palace "with Nate Dimeo.	In July 2017 the subject of an episode of "the memory Palace "with Nate Dimeo.
4837	Britten kehrte im April 1942 nach England zurück. Kurz nach seiner Rückkehr bat er Montagu Slater sein Librettist für „Peter Grimes“ zu sein.	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Soon after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for ``Peter Grimes ''.	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Shortly after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for Peter Grimes.	In April 1942, Britten returned to England, and soon after returning he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for Peter Grimes.	Britten 1942 . soon after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his Librettist for "Peter Grimes ".	Britten returned . shortly after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his Librettist for Peter Grimes.
6962	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat ist ein Divisionssekretariat der südlichen Provinz Hambantota District, Sri Lanka .	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of the Southern Province of Hambantota District, Sri Lanka.	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is a divisional secretariat of southern Hambantota District Province, Sri Lanka.	Katuwana Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Hambantota District, of Southern Province, Sri Lanka.	A divisional Secretariat of the Southern province of Hambantota district, Sri Lanka.	Katuwana divisional divisional Secretariat of Southern Hambantota district province, Sri Lanka.
6551	Der damalige Landbesitzer war Mr. Leslie Vernon Calcutt, und er vereinbarte eine 99-jährige Pacht mit Mr. Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The landowner at the time was Mr. Leslie Vernon Calcutt and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr. Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year rent with Mr Johnson.	The owner of was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-Year lease with Mr Johnson.	The Landowner Mr. Leslie Vernon Calcutt and he agreed a 99-Year lease with Mr. Johnson.
4206	Der Campus war in Wan Chai und Sai Kung gelegen und wurde im August 2013 an seinen neuen Standort in Kennedy Town verlegt.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and moved to its new site in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and was moved to its new location in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung. In August 2013 the school moved to its new permanent site in Kennedy Town.	The campus was located Kung and moved to its new site in Kennedy town in August 2013.	The Chai and Sai Kung and was moved to its new location in Kennedy town in August 2013.
6300	Im August 1839 kam der Schweizer Pionier John Sutter (1803-1880) zusammen mit anderen euro-amerikanischen Siedlern nach Alta California.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 together with other euro-American settlers.	In August 1839, Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) arrived in Alta California along with other Euro-American settlers.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-American settlers in August 1839.	(1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 together with other Euro-American settlers.	In August 1839 Sutter (1803-1880) arrived in Alta California along with other Euro-American settlers.
3489	Finale ist eine Stadt in der Mopani District Municipality in der Provinz Limpopo, Südafrika.	Finale is a city in the Mopani District Municipality in the province of Limpopo, South Africa.	Finale is a town in the Mopani District Municipality in Limpopo Province, South Africa.	Finale is a town in Mopani District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Finale is Mopani district municipality in the province of Limpopo, South Africa.	Town in the Mopani district municipality in Limpopo province, South Africa.
3156	Im Sommer 1924 ging er nach Smackover im südlichen Arkansas, um während des Ölrauschs in einem Büro in Norphlet nahe Union County zu arbeiten.	In the summer of 1924 he went to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924 he went to Smackover, southern Arkansas, to work in an office in Norphlet, near Union County, during the oil rush.	In the summer of 1924, he went to Smackover in south Arkansas to work in the oil boom in an office at Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	In to Smackover, Southern Arkansas, to work in an office in Norphlet, near Union County, during the oil rush.
4687	Zwei wurden 1934 produziert, sie wurden jedoch nicht mehr geflogen.	Two were produced in 1934, but no more were flown.	Two were produced in 1934, but they were never flown again.	In 1934, two of them were produced, but no more were flown.	Produced in 1934, but no more were flown.	Two were, but they were never flown again.
2785	Nach seinem Dienst lebte Lockhart in Florida, zog aber vor kurzem nach Texas.	After his service Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart lived in Florida, but moved recently to Texas.	After his in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	, Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.
4299	Die Figur und die Besetzung kamen am 20. November ans Licht, als Fotiou für „Nachbarn” auf ihrem YouTube-Kanal in einem hinter den Kulissen gedrehten Video zu sehen war.	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast came to light on November 20 when Fotiou starred in a behind-the-scenes video for Neighbors on her YouTube channel.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was released on her YouTube channel in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''behind the scenes.	The character and casting when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes Video seen by "neighbours "on their Youtube Channel.	To light on November 20 when Fotiou starred in a Behind-The-Scenes Video for neighbors on her Youtube Channel.
4894	Bei der DTM trat der Audi V8 gegen den viel kleineren und leichteren Mercedes 190, den BMW M3, und den etwas kleineren Opel Omega 3000 an.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	In the DTM, the Audi V8 competed against the much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3, and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and somewhat smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During its presence at much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	In the Dtm, the smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3, and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.
277	Es ist auf drei sehr einheimische Gebiete in Santa Cruz, der Halbinsel Monterey und den Grafschaften San Luis Obispo beschränkt.	It is limited to three very native areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is limited to three very native areas in Santa Cruz, the Monterey Peninsula and San Luis Obispo counties.	It is limited to three very native areas located in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo Counties.	It is limited areas in Santa Cruz, Monterey peninsula and San Luis Obispo counties.	It is limited areas in Santa Cruz, the Monterey peninsula and San Luis Obispo counties.
3389	Er wurde von den Philadelphia 76ers in der 77. Runde (7. Pick insgesamt) im NBA Draft 1967 ausgewählt.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th overall pick) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick in total) of the NBA - Draft 1967.	He was 76Ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 Nba draft.	He was 76Ers in the 77th round (7th overall pick) of the 1967 Nba draft.
6916	Gunnar Hansen bemerkte: „Der Grund weshalb er eine Maske trug war gemäß Tobe und Kim, dass die Maske wirklich seine Persönlichkeit bestimmte.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen remarked: "The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was because the mask really defined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was because the mask really defined his personality.
308	Er ist der Halbbruder von Lord Clarence Paget , Lord Alfred Paget und Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Alfred Paget, Lord George Paget and Lord Clarence Paget.	He is the Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
939	Der Audubon Council wurde durch den Zusammenschluss des Shawnee Trails Council und des Four Rivers Council gebildet.	Audubon Council was formed from the merger of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	The Audubon Council was formed by the merger of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	Audubon Council was formed from the association of the Shawnee Trails Council and the Four Rivers Council.	Audubon Council merger of the Shawnee trails Council and the four rivers Council.	The Audubon the merger of the Shawnee trails Council and the four rivers Council.
2966	Mit seiner Hilfe wurde die aquilonische Armee vom konkurrierenden Königreich Nemedia besiegt und erobert.	With his aid the Aquilonian army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the Aquilonian army was defeated and conquered by the rival kingdom of Nemedia.	With his help, the Aquilonian army is defeated and occupied by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia.	With his is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his Army was defeated and conquered by the rival kingdom of Nemedia.
5921	Das erste Foreman of Signals-Programm fand 1951 statt und das 86. und 87. Programm laufen derzeit.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current running course.	The first Foreman of Signals program was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th programs are currently ongoing.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current race course.	The course was in 1951 and the 86Th and 87th courses are the current running course.	The first foreman in 1951 and the 86Th and 87th programs are currently ongoing.
7349	1862 wurde der Musiksaal aus London nach Paris importiert und gewann schnell an Popularität, mit Tänzern, Sängern, Akrobaten, Zauberern und dressierten Tieren.	The music hall hall was first imported to Paris from London in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	In 1862 the music hall was imported to Paris from London and quickly gained popularity, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians and trained animals.	The music hall was first imported from London to Paris in 1862 and became enormously popular with dancers, singers, acrobats and wizards trained animals.	The to Paris from London in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	Imported to Paris from London and quickly gained popularity, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians and trained animals.
362	Dieses Album wurde in Los Angeles in Kalifornien von Aníbal Kerpel aufgenommen und in den „La Casa“-Studios in Los Angeles gemischt.	This album was recorded in Los Angeles, California by Aníbal Kerpel, mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles.	This album was recorded in Los Angeles, California by Aníbal Kerpel and mixed at La Casa Studios in Los Angeles.	The album was recorded in Los Angeles by Aníbal Kerpel and mixed in ``La Casa ''studies in Los Angeles, California.	This album was recorded by Aníbal Kerpel, mixed in "La Casa "studies in Los Angeles.	This Los Angeles, California by Aníbal Kerpel and mixed at La Casa studios in Los Angeles.
3385	Vor dem Zufluss des Little Flat Brook ist der Bach als Big Flat Brook bekannt.	Upstream of the inflow of Little Flat Brook, the brook is known as Big Flat Brook.	Before the tributary of Little Flat Brook, the creek is known as Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the inflow of Little Flat Brook, the stream is known as Big Flat Brook.	Upstream of the Brook, the Brook is known as big flat Brook.	Before little flat Brook, the creek is known as big flat Brook.
6955	Hoppkorv war das siebte Album der amerikanischen Blues-Rock-Band Hot Tuna, und ihr letztes Studioalbum wurde als Grunt BFL1-1920 für Grunt Records aufgenommen.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album of American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their final studio album was recorded for Grunt Records as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the rock - band hot Tuna, and their last studio album was recorded as grunt Bfl1-1920 for grunt records.	The American blues rock band hot Tuna, and their final studio album was recorded for grunt records as grunt Bfl1-1920.
1305	Für die Anime-Fernsehserie wurde „gravityWall“ als zweites Eröffnungsmotiv verwendet. das erste war „sh0ut“.	``gravityWall ''was used as the second opening motif for the Anime television series, while`` sh0ut'' was used as the first opening motif.	For the anime television series, "gravityWall" was used as the second opening theme. the first was "sh0ut".	``gravityWall ''was used as the second opening theme for the anime television series, while`` sh0ut'' was used as the first opening theme.	"Gravitywall "was for the Anime television series, while "Sh0Ut "was used as the first opening motif.	For the Anime "was used as the second opening theme . The first was "Sh0Ut ".
4558	Obwohl sie zunächst Fu Xi zugeschrieben wurde, taucht die binäre oder lexikographische Reihenfolge von Shao Yung traditionell im elften Jarhundert n. Chr. auf.	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung's binary or lexicographical order traditionally appears in the eleventh century AD.	Although initially attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung's binary or lexicographical order traditionally appears in the eleventh century AD.	Although first attributed to Fu Xi, Shao Yung appears the binary or lexicographical order traditionally in the eleventh century AD.	Although Xi, Shao Yung's Binary or Lexicographical order traditionally appears in the eleventh century ad.	Fu Xi, Shao Yung's Binary or Lexicographical order traditionally appears in the eleventh century ad.
1271	Sein Anbau wurde in Kuba 1880 von Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas eingeführt.	In Matanzas its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	Its cultivation was introduced in Cuba in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas.	Its cultivation was introduced by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba in 1880.	In was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	Its cultivation Cuba in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas.
5176	Nach der Invasion von Polen durch Nazi-Deutschland und die Sowjetunion 1939 wurde Osterwa in der Ausbildung im Untergrund aktiv, hatte jedoch auch mit Krankheiten zu kämpfen.	Following the 1939, invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa became active in the underground education but also was ill.	After the invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa became active in underground education, but also struggled with illness.	Following the invasion of Poland by Nazi - Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, Osterwa became active in underground education, but was also sick.	Following Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, Osterwa became active in the underground education but also was ill.	After the invasion of Poland Union in 1939, Osterwa became active in underground education, but also struggled with illness.
2316	Der Cook Pond, früher auch bekannt als Laurel Lake, liegt südöstlich des Taunton River und westlich des South Watuppa Pond.	Cook Pond, also formerly known as Laurel Lake, is located south east of the Taunton River and west of the South Watuppa Pond.	Cook Pond, formerly known as Laurel Lake, lies southeast of the Taunton River and west of South Watuppa Pond.	In the south end, Cook Pond, also formerly known as Laurel Lake, is located east of the Taunton River and west of the South Watuppa Pond.	Cook as Laurel Lake, is located South east of the Taunton River and West of the South Watuppa pond.	Cook pond Laurel Lake, lies southeast of the Taunton River and West of South Watuppa pond.
3098	Zusätzlich sind sie körperlich aktiv, haben Zeit zum Lernen und sind begierig, Neues zu entdecken.	In addition, they are physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, they are physically active, have time to study and are eager to discover new things.	In addition, they are actively physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition,, have time to study and are eager to discover new things.
1829	Taylor blieb bis zu seinem Tod als Scout für die Chicago White Sox und die Milwaukee und Atlanta Braves im Baseball aktiv.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.	Taylor remained active in baseball as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.
2699	Sein Name, Afolabi, bedeutet „zu Reichtum kommen”. In Nigeria   ist sein Spitzname Robocop wegen seines steifen Gangs.	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means "accomplish riches". In Nigeria, his nickname is Robocop because of his stiff gait.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi wealth ". His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His "accomplish riches ". In Nigeria, his nickname is Robocop because of his stiff gait.
2870	1911 wurde das Rathaus wiederaufgebaut, 1945 teilweise zerstört und anschließend in den 1960er Jahren restauriert.	In 1911, the town hall was reconstructed, in 1945 partially destroyed, and subsequently restored in the 1960s.	The town hall was rebuilt in 1911, partially destroyed in 1945 and then restored in the 1960s.	In 1911 the town hall was rebuilt, partially destroyed in 1945 and restored in the 1960s.	In 1911 was reconstructed, in 1945 partially destroyed, and subsequently restored in the 1960s.	The in 1911, partially destroyed in 1945 and then restored in the 1960s.
3798	Sinowjews Arbeiten wurden bisher aufgeführt von Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra und Avanti!	Zinovjev's works have been so far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinoviev's works have been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far Zinovjev ’ s works have been performed by the Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!
747	Es ist nicht bekannt, ob es gegen andere übernatürliche Wesen wirksam ist, es ist jedenfalls nutzlos gegen Engel.	It is unknown whether it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against angels.	It is not known if it is effective against other supernatural beings, however it is useless against angels.	It is unknown if it is effective against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against angels.	It is unknown against other supernatural beings, although it is useless against angels.	It it is effective against other supernatural beings, however it is useless against angels.
1666	Er erfährt, dass sein Körper das Shinra Banshou trägt, eine Schriftrolle, die die mächtigste geheime Kunst in der Ninja-Welt von Nabari enthält.	He learns that his body wears the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that his body carries the Shinra Banshou, a scroll containing the most powerful secret art in the ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that his body holds the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that bears the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that Banshou, a Scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that his, a Scroll containing the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.
3338	Auf die Frage, wie sein Name ausgesprochen wird, sagte er zu „The Literary Digest“. Mein Name wird wie „ear“ ausgesprochen, buchstabiert „en-house“.	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest ''My name is pronounced as if`` ear '; en-house'' spelled.	When asked how his name is pronounced, he told The Literary Digest. My name is pronounced like "ear", spelled "en-house".	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest`` My name is pronounced as if spelled ''ear'en-house ``.''	Asked how to say his literary Digest "my name is pronounced as if "ear'; En-House "spelled.	Pronounced, he told the literary Digest . My name is pronounced like "ear ", spelled "En-House ".
680	Dodge County in Minnesota  in den Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika ist eine Township in Vernon Township .	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is a township in Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota in the United States of America is a township within Vernon Township.	Dodge County, Minnesota, United States is a community in Vernon Township.	Minnesota, United States is a Township in Vernon Township.	Minnesota in the United States of America is a Township within Vernon Township.
4041	Die Musik, die gespielt wird, als Bob um „Blackadder“ wirbt, ist Vaughan Williams' „Fantasia on Greensleeves“.	The music performed as Bob courts ``Blackadder ''is Vaughan Williams'`` Fantasia on Greensleeves''.	The music played when Bob courts "Blackadder" is Vaughan Williams' "Fantasia on Greensleeves".	The music performed as Bob ``Blackadder ''is'' Fantasia on Greensleeves ''by Vaughan Williams.	The music performed Blackadder "is Vaughan Williams' "Fantasia on Greensleeves ".	Bob courts "Blackadder "is Vaughan Williams' "Fantasia on Greensleeves ".
1983	Lloyd gründete und leitete sein Unternehmen, um mit dem Verkauf von Spielzeug und Geschenken zu beginnen, und er erweiterte das House of Lloyd, mit Sitz in Grandview, Missouri, während das Geschäft mit den Geschenken wuchs.	Lloyd founded and led his business to start selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and ran his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, as the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the Grandview, Missouri based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and ran his, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, as the gift business grew.
4210	Die R205 ist eine regionale Straße in Irland, die von der R199 im County Leitrim bis zur nordirischen Grenze im County Fermanagh, vor allem im County Cavan, führt.	The R205 road is a regional road in Ireland from the R199 road in County Leitrim to the Northern Ireland border at County Fermanagh, mostly in County Cavan.	The R205 is a regional road in Ireland running from the R199 in County Leitrim to the Northern Ireland border in County Fermanagh, primarily in County Cavan.	Road R205 is a regional road in Ireland from road R199 in the county of Leitrim to the Northern Ireland border in the county of Fermanagh, mostly in county Cavan.	The R205 road from the R199 road in county Leitrim to the northern Ireland border at County Fermanagh, mostly in county Cavan.	The R205 running from the R199 in county Leitrim to the northern Ireland border in county Fermanagh, primarily in county Cavan.
5318	„Taunton Castle“ war am 01. August in Penang und am 31. Oktober in Rio de Janeiro.	``Taunton Castle ''was at Penang on 1 August and Rio de Janeiro on 31 October.	Taunton Castle was in Penang on August 1st and in Rio de Janeiro on October 31st.	``Taunton Castle ''was in Penang on August 1 and on October 31 in Rio de Janeiro.	"Taunton Penang on 1 August and Rio de Janeiro on 31 October.	Taunton Penang on August 1ST and in Rio de Janeiro on October 31st.
1643	Duncan McIntyre wurde am 6. Oktober 1899 in Kent, England, als Sohn von Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre geboren.	Duncan McIntyre was born on 6 October 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England to Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre October 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre 6, 1899 in Kent, England to Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.
1444	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo ist ein ehemaliger Senator von Nigeria, der Staatgouverneur war und später Leiter des nigerianischen Bundesministeriums für Kommunikation wurde.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former Senator of Nigeria, who was a state governor, and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former Senator from Nigeria who was State Governor and later became Head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former senator of Nigeria, who became a governor, and was later head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Senator of Nigeria, who was a state governor, and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of communications.	Cornelius Olatunji from Nigeria who was state governor and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of communications.
5736	Das war die erste der vier Schlachten, die er gegen Karthago führen sollte.	This ignited the first of four wars he was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This was the first of the four battles he was to fight against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he was to lead against Carthage.	First of four wars he was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This of the four battles he was to fight against Carthage.
5238	Der Film zeigt Jembie Almazan in der Rolle der Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz als David und Jonathan Diaz Angulo als Alex.	The film Stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Maria, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.
4021	Später gehörte Andrew während des Angriffs auf Adhemar, Graf von Angoulême, zu den Kräften von Richard.	Later, Andrew would be Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Later, Andrew was among Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême.	Later, during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême, Andrew was to be Richard's forces.	Later Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Later, Andrew forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.
5019	Dies erfordert dauernde Überwachung der aktuellen Partialdruckwerte mit der Zeit und eine Echtzeit-Verarbeitung durch den Dekompressionscomputer des Tauchers, um die maximale Wirkung zu erreichen.	This requires continuous monitoring of actual partial pressures with time and for maximum effectiveness requires real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer.	This requires constant monitoring of current partial pressure values ​​over time and real-time processing by the diver's decompression computer to achieve maximum effect.	This requires continuous monitoring of the actual partial pressures over time and requires real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer for the maximum effectiveness.	This requires continuous with time and for maximum effectiveness requires real-time computer processing by the diver's decompression computer.	This requires constant values ​​Over time and real-time processing by the diver's decompression computer to achieve maximum effect.
1256	Michael Jackson, Prince und Madonna waren jedoch Einflüsse auf das Album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were influences on the album.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were, however, influences on the album.	Michael Jackson Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Prince and Madonna were influences on the album.
5669	Als Jack Nitzsche zum ersten Mal von „Stubborn Kind of Fellow“ hörte, war er so aufgeregt, dass er die Kontrolle über sein Auto verlor, als er mit Phil Spector den Sunset Boulevard entlang fuhr.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard about "Stubborn Kind of Fellow," he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow '', he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving the Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche fellow, "He was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving down sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.
2195	Es wurde am 22. Dezember 2011 angekündigt und im Februar 2012 veröffentlicht.	It was announced on 22 December 2011 and was released in February 2012.	It was announced on December 22, 2011 and released in February 2012.	It was registered on 22 December 2011 and was released in February 2012.	It was December 2011 and was released in February 2012.	On December 22, 2011 and released in February 2012.
6493	Dieser Titel wurde 1970 für James Grimston, einen Politiker aus Hertfordshire, formuliert. Später wurde er Earl of Verulam, ein Titel, den seine Nachfahren noch immer innehaben.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was formulated in 1970 for James Grimston, a politician from Hertfordshire. He later became Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was created in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician, who later revived Earl of Verulam, a title that was still held by his descendants.	This title was made a Hertfordshire politician . He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was, a politician from Hertfordshire . He later became Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.
6934	Die Leuchte „Gestoppt“ bezieht sich im Kontext eines EIT-Mediums auf die Quantenübertragung von Photonen auf das Kohärenzsystem und zurück.	``Stopped ''light, in the context of an EIT medium, refers to the`` quantum'' transfer of photons to the coherent system and back again.	The “Stopped” light, in the context of an EIT medium, refers to the quantum transfer of photons to the coherence system and back.	``Stopped ''Light refers in the context of an EIT medium to the`` quantum'' transmission of photons to the coherent system and back.	"stopped of an Eit medium, refers to the "quantum "transfer of Photons to the coherent system and back again.	The “ stopped ” an Eit medium, refers to the quantum transfer of Photons to the coherence system and back.
2950	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (auch bekannt als Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) ist ein Stammesführer, der von 2001 bis 2005 Gouverneur von Helmand in Afghanistan war.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal chief who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada () is a tribal chief who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.
1936	Piper City wurde 1867 von Samuel Cross aus New York und William A. Piper aus Philadelphia entworfen (5. März 1820 - 6. Juli 1896).	Piper City was designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Piper City was designed in 1867 by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia (March 5, 1820 – July 6, 1896).	Piper City was laid out in 1867 by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper (5 March 1820 -- 6 July 1896) of Philadelphia.	Piper city was designed by William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Piper city cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia (March 5, 1820 – July 6, 1896).
9	Joe R. Campa Jr. ist ein ehemaliger Seemann der United States Navy, der als elfter Master Chief Petty Officer in der US Navy diente.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former sailor of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former United States Navy seaman who served as the eleventh master chief petty officer in the US Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former U.S. Navy Matrose who served as the 11th Master Chief Petty Officer of the United States Navy.	Joe R. of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh master chief petty officer of the U.S. Navy.	A former United States Navy Seaman who served as the eleventh master chief petty officer in the us Navy.
418	1960 wurde er Achter und 1968 Zehnter, das waren seine besten Platzierungen in dem Wettkampf.	His best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	He finished eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968, his best finishes in the competition.	His best positions in competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	His the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	He 1960 and tenth in 1968, his best finishes in the competition.
7032	Nach der Erstzulassung für die nigerianische Börse wurde es das erste afrikanische Unternehmen, das grenzübergreifend an der Börse von Johannesburg notiert wurde.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it's the first African company to have a cross-border inward listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	After initially listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it became the first African company to be listed cross-border on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian stock exchange, it is the first African company to have a cross-border - Inward quotation on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing it's the first African company to have a cross-border inward listing on the Johannesburg stock exchange.	After stock exchange, it became the first African company to be listed cross-border on the Johannesburg stock exchange.
6924	1291 heiratete Mathilde Otto IV., Graf von Burgund und hatte drei Kinder mit ihm, darunter zwei Mädchen, die Königin von Frankreich waren.	In 1291, Mahaut married the count de Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291 Mathilde married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy and had three children with him, including two girls who were Queen of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy. She married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	Count de Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became Kings of France.	Iv, count of Burgundy and had three children with him, including two girls who were Queen of France.
992	Nach einer medizinischen Behandlung begann Strozzi, auf Empfehlung von Josip Freudenreich, privaten Schauspielunterricht bei Dimitrija Demeter zu nehmen.	After medical treatment, Strozzi started taking private acting lessons from Dimitrija Demeter, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	After medical treatment, Strozzi, on the recommendation of Josip Freudenreich, began taking private acting lessons from Dimitrija Demeter.	Strozzi started taking private acting lessons with Dimitrija Demeter after a medical treatment, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	After medical taking private acting lessons from Dimitrija Demeter, as recommended by Josip Freudenreich.	After medical on the recommendation of Josip Freudenreich, began taking private acting lessons from Dimitrija Demeter.
5314	Bis zum Aufkommen der elektronischen und digitalen Videotechnik war die Massenproduktion von Pornofilmen direkt mit der kommerziellen Filmindustrie verbunden.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was directly linked to the commercial film industry.	Until the advent of electronic and digital video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was directly tied to the main film industry.	And Digital Video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	And Digital Video technology, the mass production of pornographic films was directly linked to the commercial film industry.
5874	Nach den 1970er Jahren verlegte er sich auf scheinbar traditionelle Landschaften und dekonstuierte die Konventionen der romantischen Malerei.	After the mid 1970s, he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the 1970s he shifted to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of Romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes, deconstructing the conventions of romantic painting.	After he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and Deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the to seemingly traditional landscapes and Deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.
1366	Als Nächstes tauchte Iyer im Kannada-Film „Jaggu Dada“ mit dem Schauspieler Darshan auf.	Next appeared Iyer in the Kannada - film ``Jaggu Dada ''with the actor Darshan.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film Jaggu Dada with actor Darshan.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film ``Jaggu Dada ''with actor Darshan.	In the Kannada - film "Jaggu Dada "with the actor Darshan.	Iyer next Kannada film Jaggu Dada with actor Darshan.
4115	Die Meisterschaft 2007 fand zwischen dem 21. und dem 28. Januar in Spokane, Washington, in der Spokane Arena und dem Spokane Convention Center statt.	The 2007 championship took place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championship was held in Spokane, Washington between January 21 and 28 at the Spokane Arena and Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championships took place from 21 to 28 January in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship took January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane arena and the Spokane convention center.	The 2007 championship Washington between January 21 and 28 at the Spokane arena and Spokane convention center.
6949	Der erste Track „Every Morning“, ist die akustische Gitarrenversion des letzten Titels „Morning“.	The first track, ``Every Morning ''is the acoustic guitar version of the last track`` Morning''.	The first track "Every Morning" is the acoustic guitar version of the last track "Morning".	The first Every Morning ``track is the acoustic guitar version of the last track ''Morning``.	"every morning "is the acoustic guitar version of the last track "morning ".	The first "is the acoustic guitar version of the last track "morning ".
3625	Ihr Status als Satellitenstadt des Klang-Tals steht im Zusammenhang mit ihrer Lage im Herzen von Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite town of Klang Valley is tied to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.	Its status as a Klang Valley satellite city is related to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Its status as a satellite town of the Klang Valley is connected to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Town of Klang Valley is tied to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.	Its status satellite city is related to its location in the heart of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
7191	Zum Strafverfolger wurde er 1824 in Williams County, 1826 in Seneca County und 1827 in Sandusky County ernannt.	He was appointed accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1827.	He was appointed prosecutor in 1824 in Williams County, 1826 in Seneca County and 1827 in Sandusky County.	He was appointed prosecuting attorney for Williams County in 1824, for Seneca County in 1826 and for Sandusky County in 1827.	He was appointed for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and SANDUSKY county in 1827.	He 1824 in Williams County, 1826 in Seneca County and 1827 in SANDUSKY County.
2234	Diese Art gehört heute zur Familie der Eidechsen, bekannt als Iguanidae, Unterfamilie Polychrotinae, und ist nicht mehr in der derzeit ungültigen Familie, Polychrotidae, zu finden.	This species is now in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the currently invalid family, polychrotidae.	This species is now a member of the lizard family known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae and is no longer found in the currently invalid family, Polychrotidae.	This genus is now in the family of lizards known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the presently invalid family, Polychrotidae.	This species is now in as Iguanidae, Subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the currently invalid family, Polychrotidae.	This species lizard family known as Iguanidae, Subfamily Polychrotinae and is no longer found in the currently invalid family, Polychrotidae.
3319	Im November 1989 wurde Delaney Mitglied des New York Stock Exchange und Senior Managing Director bei Henderson Brothers, Inc. und Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was senior managing director with Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and a senior managing director at Henderson Brothers, Inc. and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and was a Senior Managing Director at Henderson Brothers, Inc., and Bear Wagner.	In November 1989 the New York Stock Exchange and was senior managing director with Henderson Brothers, Inc. and bear Wagner.	In November 1989, Delaney York Stock Exchange and a senior managing director at Henderson Brothers, Inc. and bear Wagner.
3870	Taisuke Sawachika arbeitete mit dem Gitarristen und langjährigen Mitarbeiter Kudo am Song „Dose Nara“.	Taisuke Sawachika worked with the guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on song ``Dose Nara ''.	Taisuke Sawachika collaborated with guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on the song "Dose Nara".	Taisuke Sawachika worked with guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on the song ``Dōse Nara ''.	With the guitarist and longtime collaborator Kudo on song "dose Nara ".	Taisuke Sawachika and longtime collaborator Kudo on the song "dose Nara ".
889	Flavia Gleske, besser bekannt als Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (geboren am 15. Mai 1978) ist eine venezolanische Schauspielerin und Modell.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born 15 May 1978) is a Venezuelan actress and model.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born May 15, 1978) is a Venezuelan actress and model.	Flavia Gleske, better known as Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born 15 May 1978) is a Venezuelan actress.	Flavia Flavia Alejandra Gleske Fajin (born 15 may 1978) is a Venezuelan actress and model.	Flavia Gleske, Gleske Fajin (born May 15, 1978) is a Venezuelan actress and model.
7444	Nourhan Manougian, der armenische Patriarch von Jerusalem, erklärte, dass Armenier als „Bürger dritter Klasse“ behandelt werden.	Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, stated that Armenians are treated as ``third-class citizens. ''	Nourhan Manougian, the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, stated that Armenians are treated as "third class citizens".	The Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, Nourhan Manougian, said that Armenians are being treated as ''third-class citizens.	Nourhan Manougian of Jerusalem, stated that Armenians are treated as "Third-Class citizens . "	Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem, stated that Armenians are treated as "third class citizens ".
6768	Die Band gründete sich 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, nachdem Gitarrist Cole Alexander und Bassist Jared Willey die Renegades und Gitarrist Ben Eberbaugh die Reruns verlassen hatten.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Cole Alexander and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Cole Alexander and bassist Jared Willey left the Renegades and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The band was founded in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999, after the guitarist Cole Alexander and the bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The, Georgia after guitarist Cole Alexander and Bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The in 1999 after guitarist Cole Alexander and Bassist Jared Willey left the Renegades and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.
4417	William Llewelyn Williams, bekannt als Llewelyn Williams (10. März 1867-22. April 1922), war ein walisischer Journalist, Anwalt und radikaler Politiker der Liberalen Partei.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 -- April 22, 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer, and radical Liberal party politician.	William (10 March 1867--22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams 10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical liberal party politician.
4889	Bis zum Aufkommen der pornografischen Videotechnik, war die Massenproduktion von elektronischen und digitalen Filmen   direkt mit der kommerziellen Filmindustrie verbunden.	Until the advent of pornographic video technology, the mass production of electronic and digital films was tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Until the advent of pornographic video technology, the mass production of electronic and digital films was directly linked to the commercial film industry.	The mass production of electronic and digital films was linked directly to the established film industry until the advent of pornographic video technology.	Video technology, the mass production of electronic and Digital films was tied directly to the mainstream film industry.	Until the advent of mass production of electronic and Digital films was directly linked to the commercial film industry.
6613	Ein lang erwartetes Charakteristikum einer Theorie der Quantengravitation ist, dass sie keine Singularitäten oder Ereignishorizonte aufweist und somit schwarze Löcher keine echten Artefakte wären.	A much anticipated feature of a theory of quantum gravity is that it will not feature singularities or event horizons and thus black holes would not be real artifacts.	A long-awaited characteristic of a theory of quantum gravity is that it has no singularities or event horizons, and thus black holes would not be true artifacts.	A much anticipated feature of a theory of quantum gravity is that it will have no singularities or event horizons, and thus black holes would not be real artifacts.	Theory of Quantum gravity is that it will not feature Singularities or event horizons and thus black holes would not be real artifacts.	A long-awaited characteristic of that it has no Singularities or event horizons, and thus black holes would not be true artifacts.
4808	Ashte ist ein Dorf in Distrikt Palghar von Maharashtra, Indien. Es liegt in Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India It is located in Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte is a village in Palghar District of Maharashtra, India. It is located in Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dahanu taluka.	Ashte is a District of Maharashtra, India it is located in Dahanu Taluka.	Ashte Palghar District of Maharashtra, India . It is located in Dahanu Taluka.
5567	Diese waren im Vereinigten Königreich weit verbreitet, aber relativ selten in Europa, jedenfalls für große Lokomotiven.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were common in the UK but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but in Europe, at least for large locomotives, it is relatively rare.	These were Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	The UK but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.
7799	Der Film wurde von Rajiv Menon aufgenommen und von A. Sreekar Prasad bearbeitet.	The movie was photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The film was recorded by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The film was photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	Photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.	The film Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad.
3698	Schliemann erkannte fünf Schächte und legte sie  als das von Pausanias erwähnte Grab frei.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann identified five shafts and uncovered them as the tomb mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann detected five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann and uncovered them as the tomb mentioned by Pausanias.
4961	Es gibt einige moderne Variationen, aus denen das moderne „Suikinkutsu” besteht. Die Liste unten zeigt einige Möglichkeiten für das traditionelle „Suikinkutsu”.	There are a number of modern variations that make up the modern Suikinkutsu ``, and the list below shows some of the possibilities for traditional ''Suikinkutsu``.	There are some modern variations that make up modern "suikinkutsu." The list below shows some possibilities for the traditional "suikinkutsu".	There are a number of modern variations that form the modern ``suikinkutsu ''. The list below shows some of the possibilities for traditional`` suikinkutsu''.	There that make up the modern Suikinkutsu ", and the list below shows some of the possibilities for traditional "Suikinkutsu ".	There are up modern "Suikinkutsu . "the list below shows some possibilities for the traditional "Suikinkutsu ".
1080	Silberazid wird wegen seines hohen Preises zwar selten aber manchmal immer noch verwendet.	Silver azide is still used very rarely, but sometimes due to its high price.	Silver azide is rarely, but sometimes still used because of its high price.	Silver Azid is sometimes still used, but very rarely due to its high price.	Silver used very rarely, but sometimes due to its high price.	Silver Azide but sometimes still used because of its high price.
3044	Der Linguist kann neue Sätze bilden und eine Übersetzung manuell erstellen, indem er analytische Hypothesen nutzt.	Using the analytical hypotheses the linguist can form new sentences and create a translation manual.	The linguist can create new sentences and create a translation manually using analytical hypotheses.	The linguist can use the analytical hypotheses to form new sentences and create a translation manual.	Using the linguist can form new sentences and create a translation manual.	The new sentences and create a translation manually using Analytical hypotheses.
5264	Madu Kalas ist ein Dorf und Gewerkschaftsrat von Jhelum Tehsil in der punjabischen Provinz Pakistan. Es ist Teil des Bezirks Jhelum.	Madu Kalas is a village and union council of Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum District.	Madu Kalas is a village and union council of Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjabi province of Pakistan. It is part of the Jhelum District.	Madu Kalas is a village and union council of Jhelum Tehsil in Pakistan's Punjab province and is part of the Jhelum district.	Madu Kalas Council of Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjab province of Pakistan . It is part of Jhelum district.	Madu Kalas is a Jhelum Tehsil in the Punjabi province of Pakistan . It is part of the Jhelum district.
4929	Nadia Lutfi (geboren am 3. Januar 1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) ist eine ägyptische Schauspielerin im Ruhestand.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq on January 3, 1938) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq; 3 January 1938) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq on January 3, 1938) is a retired Egyptian actress.
3300	Die verlassene Methodisten-Kirche ist einer der wenigen Backsteinbauten in Upsall.	The abandoned methodist chapel is one of the few brick buildings in Upsall.	The abandoned Methodist Church is one of the few brick buildings in Upsall.	The abandoned Methodist chapel is one of the few brick-built buildings in Upsall.	The is one of the few brick buildings in Upsall.	The abandoned one of the few brick buildings in Upsall.
6509	Jonas Björkman und Fabrice Santoro gewannen im Finale mit 6:2 , 6:4 gegen Martin Damm und Radek Štěpánek.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the finals.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won the final 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won in the final 6 - 2, 6 - 4, against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek.	Jonas won 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the Finals.	Santoro won the final 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek.
3481	Die Slough High School war eine selektive Mädchenschule in Berkshire, dem heutigen Slough, in Buckinghamshire.	Slough High School was a selective girls' school in Berkshire, now Slough, Buckinghamshire.	Slough High School was a selective girls' school in Berkshire, now Slough, in Buckinghamshire.	Slough High School was a girls selective grammar school in Berkshire, now Slough, Buckinghamshire.	Slough high selective girls' school in Berkshire, now Slough, Buckinghamshire.	Slough selective girls' school in Berkshire, now Slough, in Buckinghamshire.
6937	Für eine feste messbare Funktion Formel 18 ist Formel 19 eine mittlere Variable mit der Zufallsformel 20 und Abweichungsformel 21.	For a fixed measurable function formula 18, Formula 19 is a medium variable with random formula 20 and variance formula 21.	For a fixed measurable function Formula 18, Formula 19 is a mean variable with random formula 20 and deviation formula 21.	For a fixed measurable function formula _ 18, formula _ 19 is a mean variable with random formula _ 20 and variance formula _ 21.	For a fixed measurable 19 is a medium variable with random formula 20 and variance formula 21.	Formula 18, formula 19 is a mean variable with random formula 20 and deviation formula 21.
360	Die Auswirkungen des Unfalls wurden von einer internationalen, unabhängigen Expertengruppe untersucht. Diese kam zu dem Schluss, dass niemand infolge des Unfalls getötet oder vergiftet wurde.	An international independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	The effects of the accident were examined by an international, independent group of experts. This concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	Examined by an international, independent group of experts . This concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.
7309	1920 und 1921 gewannen die Italiener – 1920 trat keine andere Nation ein und 1921 gingen die Franzosen nicht an den Start.	In 1920 and 1921 in Venice the Italians won -- no other nation entered in 1920, and in 1921 the French did not start.	In 1920 and 1921 the Italians won - in 1920 no other nation entered and in 1921 the French did not start.	In 1920 and 1921 at Venice the Italians won -- in 1920 no other nation entered and in 1921 the French entry did not start.	In the Italians won--no other nation entered in 1920, and in 1921 the French did not start.	In 1920 and in 1920 no other nation entered and in 1921 the French did not start.
4635	Zur selben Zeit bat Tong Papst Franziskus darum, für drei weitere Jahre Bischof von Hongkong bleiben zu dürfen.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain a Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At Tong asked Pope Francis to remain a bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same Pope Francis to remain Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.
5036	Schüler aus der Gegend von Peyton gehen im Schulbezirk 23JT von Peyton und Schüler aus der Gegend von Colorado Springs und Nachbarbezirken von Falcon im Schulbezirk 49 von Falcon zur Schule.	Students are served by Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and by Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and nearby areas of Falcon.	Students from the Peyton area attend school in Peyton School District 23JT and students from the Colorado Springs area and neighboring Falcon counties attend school in Falcon School District 49.	The students are served by the Peyton School District 23JT in the Peyton area and the Falcon School District 49 in the Colorado Springs area and the nearby areas of Falcon.	Students are served by Peyton area and by Falcon school district 49 in the Colorado Springs area and nearby areas of Falcon.	Students in Peyton school district 23Jt and students from the Colorado Springs area and neighboring Falcon counties attend school in Falcon school district 49.
641	Laut dem Statistischen Bundesamt der USA hat Southport eine Gesamtfläche wovon Land und, oder 0,91 % Wasser ist.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the US Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of ​​which is land and/or 0.91% is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport is a total area of, which has land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to, Southport has a total area of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According Bureau, Southport has a total area of ​​Which is land and/or 0.91% is water.
3540	Der Name „Alpha“ wurde später im Jahr 2005 verwendet, allerdings für einen Tropensturm, nachdem die übliche Namensliste bereits aufgebraucht war.	The name ``Alpha ''was used later in 2005, but it was used for a tropical storm after the standard list of names was exhausted.	The name "Alpha" was later used in 2005, albeit for a tropical storm, after the usual list of names had already been exhausted.	The name ``Alpha ''was later used in 2005, but it was used for a tropical storm after the standard list of names became exhausted.	The name "2005, but it was used for a tropical storm after the standard list of names was exhausted.	The name "Alpha, albeit for a tropical storm, after the usual list of names had already been exhausted.
5390	Oliver Goldsmith, der Großvater des Dichters, Dramatikers und Schriftstellers Robert Goldsmith war laut Prior das erste Familienmitglied, das sich in Ballyoughter niederließ.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of the poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith, was, according to Prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, grandfather of poet, playwright and novelist Robert Goldsmith was the first member of the family to settle in Ballyoughter, according to Prior.	According to Prior, Oliver Goldsmith the grandfather of the poet, playwright and novelist Robert Goldsmith was the first of the family to settle at Ballyoughter.	The poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith, was, according to prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, grandfather Robert Goldsmith was the first member of the family to settle in Ballyoughter, according to prior.
6583	Er erhält zusammen mit Lucas (Martin Hansen) das renommierte Carnegie Mathematik-Stipendium.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	Together with Lucas (Martin Hansen), he receives the renowned Carnegie mathematics scholarship.	With Martin Hansen (Lucas) he is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	Of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	Together with Hansen), he receives the renowned Carnegie mathematics scholarship.
6894	Es wurde später herausgebracht, um am 15. Oktober im UK und am 23. Oktober in den Vereinigten Staaten als eine Single des Albums bestätigt zu werden.	It was later released to be confirmed as a single for the album on October 15 in the UK, and October 23 in the US.	It was later released to be confirmed as a single from the album on October 15th in the UK and October 23rd in the US.	It was later released to be confirmed as a single for the album on 15 October in the UK and on 23 October in the USA.	It was as a single for the album on October 15 in the UK, and October 23 in the us.	Be confirmed as a single from the album on October 15th in the UK and October 23rd in the us.
5940	Als Komponist an der französischen Schule leistete er außergewöhnliche Beiträge zur impressionistischen Kirchenmusik als Dirigent.	As a small composer in the French school, he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	A composer at the French School, he made exceptional contributions to impressionist sacred music as a conductor.	A minor composer in the French school, as a conductor he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music.	In the French school, he made outstanding contributions to impressionist church music as a conductor.	French school, he made exceptional contributions to impressionist sacred music as a conductor.
618	Es liegt 20 Meilen nordwestlich von Roanoke, Virginia und rund zwei Meilen südwestlich von Glasgow, Virginia.	It is 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and about two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.	It is 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and approximately two miles southwest of Glasgow, Virginia.	It is 20 miles northwest of Roanoke, Virginia and about two miles southeast from Glasgow, Virginia.	It is 20, Virginia and about two miles southeast of Glasgow, Virginia.	It is Roanoke, Virginia and approximately two miles southwest of Glasgow, Virginia.
7969	Das höchste Regiment wurde abgezogen und das gewöhnliche Artillerie-Regiment blieb genauso groß wie das anfängliche Light-Regiment.	The peak regiment had been removed, and the standard artillery - regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The highest regiment was withdrawn and the ordinary artillery regiment remained the same size as the initial light regiment.	The howitzer regiment had been removed, and the standard artillery regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The peak regiment and the standard artillery - regiment retained the number of the original light regiment.	The highest the ordinary artillery regiment remained the same size as the initial light regiment.
6423	Über 12 Millionen Menschen leben entlang des Eisenbahnkorridors zwischen Melbourne und Sydney.	Over 12 million people live along the Melbourne -- Sydney rail corridor.	Over 12 million people live along the Melbourne-Sydney railway corridor.	Over 12 million people live along the Melbourne - Sydney rail corridor.	Over live along the Melbourne--Sydney rail corridor.	Over people live along the Melbourne-Sydney railway corridor.
2189	Das Atoll Niau in Französisch-Polynesien wurde Greig nach Aleksej Greig genannt.	An atoll in France, Polynesia Niau is called after Greig Aleksey Greig.	Niau Atoll in French Polynesia was named Greig after Aleksej Greig.	An atoll in France, Polynesia Niau is named Aleksey Greig after Greig.	An Atoll Polynesia Niau is called after Greig Aleksey Greig.	In French Polynesia was named Greig after Aleksej Greig.
6705	Die Zahl zeigt die geschätzte zweite Wahrscheinlichkeit „p“ (Diabetes = 1 glu).	The back figure shows the estimated second probability ``p ''(diabetes = 1 glu).	The number shows the estimated second probability "p" (diabetes = 1 glu).	The posterior figure shows the estimated second probability ``p ''(diabetes = 1 glu).	The estimated second probability "P "(diabetes = 1 Glu).	The estimated second probability "P "(diabetes = 1 Glu).
7637	Die Ausnahme bildete die Zeit zwischen Ende 2005 und 2009, als er in Schweden bei Carlstad United BK, in Serbien bei FC Terek Grozny und dem russischen FK Borac Čačak spielte.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played for Carlstad United BK in Sweden, FC Terek Grozny in Serbia and FK Borac Čačak of Russia.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and Russian FK Borac Čačak.	And 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian Fk Borac Čačak.	The 2009, when he played for Carlstad United BK in Sweden, FC Terek Grozny in Serbia and Fk Borac Čačak of Russia.
2315	1924 war er geladener Redner der ICM in Toronto, 1932 in Oslo und 1936 in Zürich.	In 1924 he was an invited spokesman for the ICM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 he was an invited speaker at the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Oslo and in 1936 in Zurich.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Oslo, and in 1936 in Zurich.	In spokesman for the Icm in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	Invited Speaker at the Icm in Toronto, in 1932 in Oslo and in 1936 in Zurich.
3151	1938 wurde er der erste Regierungsanthropologe des englisch-ägyptischen Sudans und führte Feldforschungen mit den Nuba durch.	In 1938 he became the Government Anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938 he became the first government anthropologist of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted field research with the Nuba.	In 1938 he became anthropologist of the anglo-Egyptian Sudan to the government and led fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938 anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In first government anthropologist of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted field research with the Nuba.
4653	Die Station auf Argentine Island wurde 1947 von der British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey unter dem Namen „Station F“ oder „Winter Island“ errichtet.	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Winter Island '', on Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station on Argentine Island was established in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey under the name "Station F" or "Winter Island".	The station was established in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or ``Winter Island ''in the Argentine islands.	The British Falkland Islands Dependencies survey as station f, or "winter Island ", on Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station on by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies survey under the name "station f "or "winter Island ".
7200	1937 wurde Donald Miteigentümer der Baseballmannschaft Toronto Maple Leafs, sein Sohn Ross wurde Vereinspräsident.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937 Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, and his son Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team. His son, Ross became club president.	Became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became Club President.	In 1937 the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, and his son Ross became Club President.
3131	Wright zog von Chapel Hill, NC nach New York City.	Wright moved from Chapel Hill, NC to New York City.	Wright moved to New York City from Chapel Hill, NC.	Wright moved from Chapel Hill, NC to New York.	Wright Chapel Hill, NC to New York City.	To New York City from Chapel Hill, NC.
3345	Zwei Jahre später, im Juli 1947, wurde der 709. Bombardement Squadron (Heavy) in den 709. Bombardement Squadron (Very Heavy) umbenannt.	Two years later, on 25 July 1947, the 709th was redesignated the Heavy Bombardment Squadron, Very 709th.	Two years later, in July 1947, the 709th Bombardment Squadron (Heavy) was redesignated the 709th Bombardment Squadron (Very Heavy).	Two years later, on July 25, 1947, the 709th was renamed Heavy Bombardment Squadron, very 709th.	Two 25 July 1947, the 709Th was Redesignated the heavy bombardment squadron, very 709Th.	Two years, the 709Th bombardment squadron (heavy) was Redesignated the 709Th bombardment squadron (very heavy).
3497	Cordell Crockett spielte Bass bei 5 Songs und bei allen anderen Nathan Slade der Bassist von Ugly Kid Joe.	Cordell Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, with Ugly Kid Joe bassist Nathan Slade playing bass on the rest.	Cordell Crockett played bass on 5 songs and Nathan Slade, Ugly Kid Joe's bassist, played all the others.	Cordell Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, using Ugly Kid Joe Bassist Nathan Slade on the rest bass.	Bass on 5 songs, with ugly kid Joe Bassist Nathan Slade playing Bass on the rest.	Cordell Crockett played and Nathan Slade, ugly kid Joe's Bassist, played all the others.
4576	Beschreibe zunächst die Gegenden mit einem hohen Aufkommen an Pollen, nicht die Gegenden mit einem niedrigen Aufkommen an Pollen.	Describe the areas with high pollen levels first, instead of the areas with low pollen levels.	First describe the areas with high pollen levels, not the areas with low pollen levels.	First, describe the areas with high pollen values instead of the areas with low pollen.	High pollen levels first, instead of the areas with low pollen levels.	First with high pollen levels, not the areas with low pollen levels.
3169	Im Januar 2013 wurde angekündigt, dass Warren Spector nach der Schließung von Disney Interactive die Junction Point Studios verlassen hatte.	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left the Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.	In January 2013, it was announced that Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.	In January that after the closure of Disney interactive, Warren Spector had left the junction point studios.	In January announced that Warren Spector had left junction point studios following the closure of Disney interactive.
4074	1960 kandidierten John T. Driscoll und Patrick F. McDonough für den Posten des „Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts“; er wurde bei den demokratischen Vorwahlen Dritter hinter Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for the post of Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts; he finished third behind Kennedy in the Democratic primary.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts. He finished third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. for treasurer and receiver - general of Massachusetts, he was third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960 McDonough ran for the post of treasurer and receiver - general of Massachusetts; he finished third behind Kennedy in the Democratic primary.
7173	Die New Ways to Work Foundation wurde 1972 gegründet und ist eine gemeinnützige Organisation die von der San Francisco Bay Area finanziert wird.	The New Ways to Work Foundation was founded in 1972 and is a non-profit organization funded by the San Francisco Bay Area.	Founded in 1972, the New Ways to Work Foundation is a nonprofit organization funded by the San Francisco Bay Area.	In 1972, the New Ways to Work Foundation was founded, it is a non-profit organization funded in the San Francisco Bay area.	The new ways to 1972 and is a non-profit organization funded by the San Francisco Bay area.	Founded in 1972 to work foundation is a nonprofit organization funded by the San Francisco Bay area.
7288	Maritsa Lazari wurde im Oktober 1943 in London, UK, geboren. Sie migrierte 16-jährig mit ihrer Familie nach Zypern.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She migrated to Cyprus with her family when she was 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in London in October 1943 and emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16 years.	Maritsa Lazari was London, UK . She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa 1943 in London, UK . She migrated to Cyprus with her family when she was 16.
7685	Das Boulder Dushanbe Teehaus war ein Geschenk des Bürgermeisters von Dushanbe Maksud Ikramov an die Stadt Boulder in Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was a gift from mayor Maksud Ikramov from Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was a gift from the Mayor of Dushanbe Maksud Ikramov to the City of Boulder, Colorado.	The Boulder Dushanbe Tea House was a gift from Mayor Maksud Ikramov of Dushanbe to the city of Boulder, Colorado.	House was a gift from Mayor Maksud Ikramov from Dushanbe to the city of boulder, Colorado.	The boulder Dushanbe from the Mayor of Dushanbe Maksud Ikramov to the city of boulder, Colorado.
132	Er wurde in Carter County, Tennessee, geboren und wurde später nach Arkansas versetzt.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later posted to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	He Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	In Carter County, Tennessee and was later posted to Arkansas.
1143	Die Unterscheidung zwischen protestantischen und katholischen Tendenzen in der anglikanischen Tradition wird immer wieder sowohl in bestimmten anglikanischen Kirchen als auch in der gesamten anglikanischen Gemeinschaft diskutiert.	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic tendencies within the Anglican tradition is routinely a debate both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican community.	The distinction between Protestant and Catholic tendencies in the Anglican tradition is a subject of constant debate, both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican communion.	The degree of distinction between Protestant and Catholic tendencies within the Anglican tradition is routinely a matter of debate both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican Communion.	The degree of within the Anglican tradition is routinely a debate both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican community.	Tendencies in the Anglican tradition is a subject of constant debate, both within specific Anglican churches and throughout the Anglican communion.
6213	Die Regulation ist die zweite Ordination eines Geistlichen, dessen ursprüngliche Ordination fragwürdig ist.	Regulation is the second ordination of a cleric whose original ordination is questionable.	The Regulation is the second ordination of a minister whose original ordination is questionable.	Reordination is the second ordination of a cleric whose original ordination is questionable.	Regulation ordination of a cleric whose original ordination is questionable.	The second ordination of a minister whose original ordination is questionable.
5722	Während die 33d Fighter Group inaktiv war, fusionierten die 33d Tactical Fighter Group und die 33d Tactical Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated as 33d Tactical Fighter Group with the 33d Tactical Group.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, the 33d Tactical Fighter Group and 33d Tactical Group merged.	While the 33d Fighter Group was inactive, it was consolidated with the 33d Tactical Group as the 33d Tactical Fighter Group.	Group was inactive, it was Consolidated as 33d tactical fighter group with the 33d tactical group.	Group was inactive, the 33d tactical fighter group and 33d tactical group merged.
6548	Bis 1991 bot es die einzige öffentliche Bühne in Tehama County und war bis 1993 das einzige Kino.	Until 1991, it offered the only public stage in Tehama County and was the only cinema until 1993.	Until 1991 it offered the only public stage in Tehama County and was the only movie theater until 1993.	It provided the only public stage in Tehama County until 1991, and was the only cinema until 1993.	Until 1991 only public stage in Tehama County and was the only cinema until 1993.	The only public stage in Tehama County and was the only movie theater until 1993.
7213	David I. Walsh's jüngster Biograf schreibt, dass „die Kampagne zur Vernichtung von Walsh funktionierte, da er sich nicht wehren konnte... Davìd I. Walsh war schwul.“	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he couldn't fight back... Davìd I. Walsh was gay."	The recent biographer of David I. Walsh writes: ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay.	David writes that "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself...David I. Walsh was gay . "	David I. Walsh "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he couldn't fight back...Davìd I. Walsh was gay . "
6027	Die Meisterschaften 2007 fanden zwischen dem 21. und dem 28. Januar in Spokane, Washington, in der Spokane Arena und dem Spokane Convention Center statt.	The 2007 Championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championships were held January 21-28 in Spokane, Washington at the Spokane Arena and Spokane Convention Center.	The 2007 championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington, at the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championships took 28 in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane arena and the Spokane convention center.	Held January 21-28 in Spokane, Washington at the Spokane arena and Spokane convention center.
5539	Am 17. September wird Arreola im Staples Center in Los Angeles, Kalifornien, gegen Alfonso Gomez antreten, nach dem Vorkampf von Juan Sandoval gegen Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will perform at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, against Alfonso Gomez at the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will face off against Alfonso Gomez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, following Juan Sandoval's preliminary match against Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will face Alfonso Gomez on the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.	On September the staples center in Los Angeles, California, against Alfonso Gomez at the Undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17 Alfonso Gomez at the staples center in Los Angeles, California, following Juan Sandoval's preliminary match against Saul Alvarez.
5804	Nach der Hochzeit in seiner Heimatstadt Sakarya flog das Paar nach Barcelona, Spanien.	After the wedding in his hometown Sakarya the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the wedding in his hometown of Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, ​​Spain.	After the wedding ceremony in his hometown Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the hometown Sakarya the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the hometown of Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, ​​Spain.
375	Am 9. August wurde Lloyd mit 51,1 % der Stimmen gewählt. Andy Burnham wurde mit 29,1 % Zweiter.	On 9 August Lloyd was selected with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	On August 9, Lloyd was elected with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham was second with 29.1%.	Lloyd was elected on 9 August with 51.1% of the vote, Andy Burnham second with 29.1%.	On 9 August 51.1% of the vote . Andy Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	On August 9 with 51.1% of the vote . Andy Burnham was second with 29.1%.
1739	Es war das erste von drei drittklassigen Hotels, die im Hauptgeschäftsviertel errichtet wurden.	This was the first of three third-class hotels to be built in the central business district.	It was the first of three third-rate hotels to be built in the CBD.	This was the first of three third-class hotels built in the central business district.	First of three Third-Class hotels to be built in the central business district.	First of three third-rate hotels to be built in the Cbd.
510	Der Shawnee Trails Council entstand aus der Fusion des Four Rivers Council und des Audubon Council.	Shawnee Trails Council was formed from the merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council.	The Shawnee Trails Council was formed from the merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council.	The merger of the Four Rivers Council and the Audubon Council formed the Shawnee Trails Council.	Shawnee trails Council merger of the four rivers Council and the Audubon Council.	The Shawnee from the merger of the four rivers Council and the Audubon Council.
3195	Er war der Sohn von Richard Byfields zweiter Ehefrau und Nicholas Byfield war sein älterer Halbbruder.	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was the son of Richard Byfield's second wife and Nicholas Byfield was his older half brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield through his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	Of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	Of Richard Byfield's second wife and Nicholas Byfield was his older half brother.
2094	Er arbeitet zusammen mit zeitgenössischen Architekten wie etwa Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti und Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborates with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	Architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He Collaborates as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
5568	2018 wurde Farrell von Papst Franziskus zum neuen Bischof von Ossory ernannt.	In 2018 Farrell was appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Pope Francis appointed Farrell as the new Bishop of Ossory.	In 2018, Farrell was appointed by Pope Francis as a new bishop of Ossory.	In appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	Pope Francis appointed Farrell as the new Bishop of Ossory.
2197	Ein Haus lädt sich mit böser Energie auf und lässt den nekromantischen Geist im Innern Form annehmen.	A house becomes charged with angry energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	A house charges with evil energy, allowing the necromantic spirit to take form within.	A house is charged with angry energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	A with angry energy and gives shape to the necromantic spirit within.	With evil energy, allowing the necromantic spirit to take form within.
6017	Es wurde in Kalifornien, Arizona, Nevada und Utah gefunden, wo es von Nordamerika aufgezeichnet wurde.	It has been found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it was recorded from North America.	It has been found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah where it has been recorded from North America.	It is found in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it has been recorded from North America.	It California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah, where it was recorded from North America.	It has, Arizona, Nevada and Utah where it has been recorded from North America.
5781	Melodie Crittenden verließ die Gruppe 2004, um ihre Solokarriere zu verfolgen, und 2005 sang meist Nicol mit der Gruppe.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue her solo career and in 2005 Nicol mostly sang with the group.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to follow a solo career, and for most of the year 2005 Nicol sang with.	In 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Group in 2004 to pursue her solo career and in 2005 Nicol mostly sang with the group.
4977	McMillan verbrachte zwei Jahre in dem Royal Medical Corp. in Didcot - und später in Tidworth, wo er ein MRS für im Koreakrieg verletzte Soldaten betrieb.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot -- and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot - and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	For two years, McMillan spent at the Royal Medical Corp. in Didcot -- and later in Tidworth, where he run an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two at Didcot--and later at Tidworth, where he ran an Mrs for soldiers injured in the Korean war.	Mcmillan spent Corp. at Didcot - and later at Tidworth, where he ran an Mrs for soldiers injured in the Korean war.
6159	Als Zeichen des Respekts stützen Menschen ihren linken Unterarm auf ihre rechte Hand.	In order to show respect, the individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	As a sign of respect, people rest their left forearm on their right hand.	In order to show respect, individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	Show respect, the individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	As a, people rest their left forearm on their right hand.
1915	Soto wurde in Fort Worth geboren, zog aber einjährig nach Monterrey in Mexiko.	Soto was born in Fort Worth, but moved at the age of one year to Monterrey in Mexico.	Soto was born in Fort Worth but moved to Monterrey, Mexico when he was a year old.	Soto was born in Fort Worth, but moved to Monterrey, Mexico, at the age of one.	Soto worth, but moved at the age of one year to Monterrey in Mexico.	Soto worth but moved to Monterrey, Mexico when he was a year old.
2859	Sie haben 13 Rückengräten, 11 bis 13 weiche Rückengräten, 2 Schwanzgräten und 11 bis 13 weiche Schwanzgräten.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsale soft rays, 2 anal spines and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They have 13 dorsal bones, 11 to 13 soft dorsal bones, 2 caudal bones and 11 to 13 soft caudal bones.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 anal spines, and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They 11 to 13 Dorsale soft rays, 2 Anal Spines and 11 to 13 Anal soft rays.	They 11 to 13 soft Dorsal bones, 2 Caudal bones and 11 to 13 soft Caudal bones.
7664	Am 1. Januar 2012 hatte der Bezirk 62.500 Einwohner, von denen 9,6 % in der Stadt und 90,4 % auf dem Land wohnten.	On 1 January 2012, the district population was 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban dwellers and 90.4% rural population.	As of January 1, 2012, the district had a population of 62,500, of whom 9.6% lived in the city and 90.4% in the countryside.	1 January 2012 the district population was 62,500 of which 9.6% urban and 90.4% rural population.	On district population was 62,500, of which 9.6% were urban dwellers and 90.4% rural population.	As of January 1 a population of 62,500, of whom 9.6% lived in the city and 90.4% in the countryside.
3735	Der französische Wahlkreis Finistère ist der erste Wahlkreis im Département Finistère.	The French constituency of Finistère is a 1st constituency in the Finistère ``département ''.	The French constituency Finistère is the first constituency in the department of Finistère.	The French legislative constituency of Finistère is a 1st constituency in the Finistère ``département ''.	The Finistère is a 1ST constituency in the Finistère "Département ".	Finistère is the first constituency in the Department of Finistère.
7937	Sie wurde als „großes Talent mit viel Potential und einer vielversprechenden Musical-Karriere beschrieben.	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She has been described as "a great talent with a lot of potential and a promising musical career.	She was observed as ``has a very huge potential and a great talent, and will grow to an unique musical personality in future. ''	She was observed great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She has been great talent with a lot of potential and a promising musical career.
1763	2014 brachte die Seite iOS- und Android-Anwendungen für die Produktsuche heraus, zu den Produktmerkmalen gehören interaktive Produktbewertungen per Video mit Live-Frage-Antwort-Runden.	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features include interactive video product reviews with live question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search, product features include interactive video product reviews with live Q&A sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search, product features include interactive video - product - reviews with live - questions and answers - sessions.	Ios and Android applications for product search; product features include interactive Video product reviews with live question-and-answer sessions.	In and Android applications for product search, product features include interactive Video product reviews with live Q & a sessions.
3360	Die schwedische Eishockeymeisterschaft 1932 war die 11. Spielzeit der schwedischen Eishockeymeisterschaft, Schwedens Landesmeisterschaft, und Hammarby IF wurde Meister.	The Swedish ice hockey championship in 1932 was the 11th season of the Swedish ice hockey championship, Sweden's national championship, and Hammarby IF won the championship.	The 1932 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was the 11th season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, Sweden's national championship, and Hammarby IF became champions.	The 1932 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was the 11th season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, the national championship of Sweden. Hammarby IF won the championship.	The was the 11th season of the Swedish ice hockey championship, Sweden's National championship, and Hammarby if won the championship.	The 1932 Swedish ice hockey the Swedish ice hockey championship, Sweden's National championship, and Hammarby if became champions.
899	Der Azusa Campus der Azusa Pacific University befindet sich im San Gabriel Valley, nordöstlich von Los Angeles .	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is situated in the San Gabriel Valley, located northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific is located in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.
6745	Barshi ist ein Erdwall am örtlichen Fluss nahe dem Pathari-Damm im Distrikt Solapur im Staat Maharashtra in Indien.	Barshi, is an earth dam on the local river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Barshi is an earthen bank on the local river near the Pathari Dam in Solapur District, Maharashtra State, India.	Barshi, is an earthfill dam on local river near Pathari Dam, Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Barshi on the local River near Pathari dam, Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Barshi on the local River near the Pathari dam in Solapur district, Maharashtra state, India.
3342	Die Arten gehören zu verschiedenen ökologischen Gruppen, darunter xerophytische Sträucher, Lianen und Bäume, tropische Pflanzen, Mykoheterotrophe, sowie verschiedene krautartige Vertreter.	The species are members of various ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different herbaceous representatives.	The species belong to different ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as various herbaceous representatives.	The species are members of different ecological groups, including xerophytic shrubs, lianas and trees, tropical plants, mycoheterotrophy, as well as various herbal representatives.	The species, including Xerophytic shrubs, Lianas and trees, tropical plants, Mycoheterotrophs, as well as different Herbaceous representatives.	The, including Xerophytic shrubs, Lianas and trees, tropical plants, Mycoheterotrophs, as well as various Herbaceous representatives.
4307	William Harris war der zweite Sohn von William Harris, sein älterer Bruder Christopher Harris war Abgeordneter für Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his older brother Christopher Harris was an MP for Okehampton.	Harris was the second son of William Harris. His elder brother, Christopher Harris, was MP for Okehampton.	William son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was William Harris, his older brother Christopher Harris was an MP for Okehampton.
1728	Er ist der Halbbruder von Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget und Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He is the Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
4674	Lovey und Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin haben umfangreich online und in YouTube veröffentlicht - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania .	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and in YouTube - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and on YouTube videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have appeared extensively online and in YouTube videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo published extensively Online and in Youtube - videos Puli Prayingoriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively Online and on Youtube videos Puli Prayingoriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
1699	Die Loyalisten lagerten westlich des Catawba River, die Army von General Charles Cornwalli dagegen östlich.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped west of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped east.	The Loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River while General Charles Cornwalli's army were camped on the east side.	The loyalists had of the Catawba River, while the Army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the East side.	Of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's Army camped East.
7482	Die Folge wurde von Tony Goldwyn gedreht und von Matt Byrne und Mark Fish geschrieben.	The episode was addressed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was directed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish and directed by Tony Goldwyn.	Addressed by Tony Goldwyn and written by matt Byrne and mark fish.	The episode Tony Goldwyn and written by matt Byrne and mark fish.
3628	Ukhrul ist auch ein Hotspot für Touristen in Manipur.	Ukhrul is also a tourist hotspot of Manipur state.	Ukhrul is also a tourist hotspot in Manipur.	Ukhrul is also a tourist hotspot in the state of Manipur.	Also a tourist Hotspot of Manipur state.	Ukhrul a tourist Hotspot in Manipur.
7108	Die Biografie wurde inzwischen in Großbritannien, den USA (St. Martin's 2013), Polen (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Ungarn und China veröffentlicht.	The biography has now been published in Britain, the USA (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has since been published in the UK, USA (St. Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been published in Great Britain, the USA (St Martins 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The biography has now been (St Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.	The the UK, USA (St. Martin's 2013), Poland (Swiat Ksiazki, 2013), Hungary and China.
3362	Peter DuConge (1903-1967) war ein früher Jazz-Musiker in der Jazz-Szene von New Orleans.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903-1967) was an early jazz musician on the New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter) was an early jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	1903-1967) was an early jazz musician on the New Orleans jazz scene.
5200	Am 04. April 1892 lieferte das zweite Schiff „Missouri“ 2.500 Tonnen Getreide und Korn nach Liebau.	On April 4, 1892, the second ship, ``Missouri, delivered 2,500 tons of grain and corn flowers to Liepaja.	On April 4, 1892, the second ship "Missouri" delivered 2,500 tons of grain to Liebau.	The second ship, ``Missouri '', delivered 2,500 tons of grain and corn flower to Liepaja on April 4, 1892.	, the second ship, "Missouri, delivered 2,500 tons of grain and corn flowers to Liepaja.	On April the second ship "Missouri "delivered 2,500 tons of grain to Liebau.
1736	Der Anbau wurde 1880 von Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Kuba eingeführt.	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas, Cuba.	In Cuba its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas.	The cultivation 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	Introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas, Cuba.
3541	Nach ihrem Erfolg engagierte Jane Campion Jones für eine TV-Miniserie, aus der der Film „Ein Engel an meiner Tafel“, eine Adaption von Janet Frames Autobiographie, hervorging.	Following her success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following her success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries, which led to the film An Angel at My Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following her success, Jane Campion Jones was an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography for a television miniseries that turned into the movie Angel at my Table.	Hired Jones for a television Miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my table, an adaptation of Janet frame's autobiography.	Hired Jones for a television Miniseries, which led to the film an Angel at my table, an adaptation of Janet frame's autobiography.
1610	Abies lasiocarpa wird gemeinhin als Felsengebirgs-Tanne oder Felsen-Tanne bezeichnet und ist eine Tannenart aus dem westlichen Nordamerika.	Abies lasiocarpa, commonly called the subalpine fir or Rocky Mountain fir, is a western North American fir tree.	Abies lasiocarpa, commonly referred to as Subrock Fir or Rock Fir, is a species of fir native to western North America.	Abies lasiocarpa, generally called the subalpine fir or Rocky mountain fir tree, is a western North American fir.	Called the Subalpine fir or rocky mountain fir, is a Western North American fir tree.	Abies Lasiocarpa, commonly or rock fir, is a species of fir native to Western North America.
5338	Die Medaillen wurden von Barbara Kendall aus Neuseeland, Mitglied des Internationalen Olympischen Komitees, und Carlo Croce, dem Vorsitzenden des Weltseglerverbands World Sailing, verliehen.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall of New Zealand and World Sailing President Carlo Croce.	The medals have been presented by Carlo Croce, IOC - member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, president of World Sailing.	The Barbara Kendall, Ioc member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, president of world sailing.	The International Olympic committee member Barbara Kendall of New Zealand and world sailing President Carlo Croce.
2004	Buccinum pulchellum ist eine Spezies der Meeresschnecke, eine echte Gastropoden-Molluske aus der Familie der Buccinidae, der Meeresschnecken.	Buccinum pulchellum is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Buccinum pulchellum is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk of the Buccinidae family of sea snails.	Buccinum pulchellum is a species of the sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Buccinum Pulchellum is snail, a true Gastropod Mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the Marine Whelks.	Species of sea snail, a true Gastropod Mollusk of the Buccinidae family of sea snails.
2629	Die römisch-katholische Diözese Bungoma ist eine Diözese in der Stadt Kisumu in der Kirchen-Provinz Bungoma in Kenia.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bungoma is a diocese located in the city of Kisumu in the Ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bungoma is a diocese in the city of Kisumu in the Ecclesiastical Province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Bungoma is a diocese in the town of Kisumu in the ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Roman Catholic diocese located in the city of Kisumu in the ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.	The Roman Catholic diocese in the city of Kisumu in the ecclesiastical province of Bungoma in Kenya.
153	Die Loyalisten lagerten am Westufer des Catawba River, während die Armee von General Charles Cornwalli am Ostufer lagerte.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.	The loyalists were camped on the west side of Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwallis camped on the eastern side.	The loyalists had camped the Catawba River, while the Army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the East side.	The loyalists of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's Army camped on the East bank.
3000	Zu Cebu City gehören die Inseln Cebu, Central Visayas und die östliche Hälfte von Negros, die regionalen Zentren sind Siquijor und Bohol.	Cebu City includes the islands Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional center is Siquijor and Bohol.	Cebu City includes the islands of Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional centers are Siquijor and Bohol.	Cebu City includes the islands of Cebu, Central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros. The regional center is Siquijor and Bohol. Its provinces are:	Cebu, central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional center is Siquijor and Bohol.	Cebu Cebu, central Visayas and the eastern half of Negros, the regional centers are Siquijor and Bohol.
5882	Als nächstes war Iyer im Kannada-Film „Darshan” mit dem Schauspieler Jaggu Dada zu sehen.	Next Iyer appeared in Kannada - movie ``Darshan ''with the actor Jaggu Dada.	Next, Iyer starred in the Kannada film "Darshan" with actor Jaggu Dada.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film ``Darshan ''with actor Jaggu Dada.	Next Kannada - movie "Darshan "with the actor Jaggu Dada.	Next, the Kannada film "Darshan "with actor Jaggu Dada.
7343	Die römisch-katholische Diözese von Lugazi ist eine Diözese in der Stadt Lugazi in der Kirchenprovinz Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman - Catholic diocese of Lugazi is a diocese in the city of Lugazi in the church province of Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is a diocese in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical Province of Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi is a diocese located in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical province of Kampala in Uganda.	The Lugazi is a diocese in the city of Lugazi in the church province of Kampala, Uganda.	The Roman Catholic diocese in the city of Lugazi in the ecclesiastical province of Kampala, Uganda.
6012	Der Schulbezirk Madison District Public Schools liegt im äußersten Süden des Großraums Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	Madison District Public Schools is a school district serving the south end of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	The Madison District Public Schools school district is located in the far south of the Detroit metropolitan area in Madison Heights, Michigan.	Madison District Public Schools is a school district to the south of Greater Detroit in Madison Heights, Michigan.	Madison district public district serving the South end of greater Detroit in Madison heights, Michigan.	School District is located in the far south of the Detroit metropolitan area in Madison heights, Michigan.
4699	Er wurde als nachgeborenes Kind von Sir Henry Thrale, 1. Baron geboren. Seine Mutter war die Schwester des Brauers John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the second child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baron. His mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born Henry Thrale, 1ST Baron . his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.
3796	João Martins Pena und Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena wurden als Kinder von Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro geboren.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena were born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born in Rio de Janeiro, to Martins Pena.	João Martins Paula Julieta Pena was born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena were born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.
1917	Neville heiratete Edith Cranstoun Macnamara , die älteste Tochter von H. T. J. Macnamara , der einmal Richter von County Courts und Eisenbahnbeauftragter war.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was at one time a Judge of County Courts and a Railway Commissioner.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of H.T.J. Macnamara, who was once a county court judge and railway commissioner.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, the eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was a judge of the County Courts and a railroad commissioner at one time.	Neville married Edith Mr. H. T. J. MacNamara, who was at one time a judge of County courts and a railway Commissioner.	Neville married Edith of H.T.J . MacNamara, who was once a County Court judge and railway Commissioner.
3132	Im Jahr 2012 veröffentlichte Adrian Belew sein sechstes Soloalbum „Treehouse“, das in Nashville, Tennessee, vom Musiker Ned Evett produziert wurde.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released his sixth solo album, Treehouse, which was produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew ``Treehouse ''released his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In "Treehouse ", his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, solo album, Treehouse, which was produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.
3697	Callum O 'Brien (geboren am 4. November 1982 in Neuseeland) ist ein professioneller Squash-Spieler für Cambridge.	Callum O'brien (born November 4, 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional Cambridge squash player.	Callum O' Brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional squash player for Cambridge.	Callum O'brien (born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a Cambridge professional squash player.	Callum O'Brien (1982 in New Zealand) is a professional Cambridge squash Player.	Callum born 4 November 1982 in New Zealand) is a professional squash Player for Cambridge.
6	Kathy und ihr Ehemann Pete Beale (Peter Dean) sind finanziell gut aufgestellt.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are stable financially.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are doing well financially.	Kathy and her husband Peter Dean (Pete Beale) are financially stable.	Kathy Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are stable financially.	Husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are doing well financially.
3066	Leigh Court Barn ist eine Zehntenscheune mit hölzernem Gurtbogen bei Pershore Abbey, die im frühen vierzehnten Jahrhundert erbaut wurde, um Obst und Gemüse für die Gemeinde Leigh in Worcestershire, England zu lagern.	Leigh Court Barn is a cruck framed tithe barn at Pershore Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store produce for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	Leigh Court Barn is a timber-belted tithing barn at Pershore Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store fruit and vegetables for the parish of Leigh in Worcestershire, England.	Leigh Court Barn is a cruck framed tithe barn at the Pershore Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store products for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	Leigh court barn is a Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store produce for Leigh, Worcestershire, England.	Leigh court barn Abbey, built in the early fourteenth century to store fruit and vegetables for the parish of Leigh in Worcestershire, England.
2631	Der Film enthält viele Musical-Elemente, längere Opernsequenzen und wurde dafür kritisiert, dass er mehr Musical als Horrorfilm ist.	The film has many elements of a musical, with lengthy opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than horrific.	The film contains many musical elements, longer operatic sequences and has been criticized for being more musical than horror film.	The film has many elements of a musical, with long opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than terrible.	The film has, with lengthy opera sequences, and has been criticized for being more musical than horrific.	Musical elements, longer operatic sequences and has been criticized for being more musical than horror film.
138	1876 zog er nach San Diego, Kalifornien, und 1887 nach Dallas, Texas.	In 1876, he moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 he moved to San Diego, California and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	He moved to San Diego, California in 1876, and to Dallas, Texas in 1887.	In 1876 San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In to San Diego, California and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.
3714	„The Lost Boys“ ist eine Doku-Drama-Miniserie unter der Regie von Andrew Birkin aus dem Jahre 1978, produziert von der BBC und geschrieben von Rodney Bennett.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama miniseries directed by Andrew Birkin, produced by the BBC and written by Rodney Bennett.	The Lost Boys is a docudrama miniseries produced by the BBC in 1978, written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The lost boys is by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The lost Miniseries directed by Andrew Birkin, produced by the BBC and written by Rodney Bennett.
2825	1974 gründete Lao PDR den Fonds Stage II mit Unterstützung der Weltbank, der Vereinten Nationen und der Asian Development Bank.	In 1974 Lao PDR established the Stage II fund with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank.	In 1974, Lao PDR established the Stage II fund with support from the World Bank, the United Nations and the Asian Development Bank.	In 1974, with the support of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank, Lao PDR founded the Stage II Fund.	In 1974 Lao Pdr with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank.	Established the stage II fund with support from the World Bank, the United Nations and the Asian Development Bank.
7888	Im Wettstreit mit Jarno Jokihaara und Marko Ritola wurde er 1999 und 2003 finnischer Meister. 2003 wurde er zudem Hallenmeister.	He became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	In competition with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola he was Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003. In 2003 he also became indoor champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he became Finnish master, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Indoor - Champion.	He became Finnish champion rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola . He also became indoor champion in 2003.	In competition with Jarno was Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003 . In 2003 He also became indoor champion.
6125	Alfaro war die dritte Frau, die zum Tod in der Gaskammer verurteilt wurde, und zur Zeit ihrer Verurteilung war sie die erste zum Tode verurteilte Frau in Kalifornien.	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber and, at the time of her sentencing, she was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman to be sentenced to death in the gas chamber, and at the time of her sentencing she was the first woman sentenced to death in California.	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber, and at the time of sentencing, was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the the gas chamber and, at the time of her sentencing, she was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro to death in the gas Chamber, and at the time of her sentencing she was the first woman sentenced to death in California.
675	2014 startete die Website iOS- und Android-Anwendungen für die Produktsuche. Die Produktfunktionen umfassen Live-Video-Produktbewertungen mit interaktiven Frage-und-Antwort-Sitzungen.	In 2014 the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search; product features include live video product reviews with interactive question-and-answer sessions.	In 2014, the website launched iOS and Android applications for product search. Product features include live video product reviews with interactive question and answer sessions.	In 2014, the site launched iOS and Android applications for product search, product features include live - video - product - reviews with interactive questions and answers - sessions.	In 2014 Android applications for product search; product features include live Video product reviews with interactive question-and-answer sessions.	Ios and Android applications for product search . product features include live Video product reviews with interactive question and answer sessions.
692	1291 heiratete Mathilde den Grafen von Burgund Otto IV., der Mutter von drei Kindern war, darunter zwei Mädchen, die Könige von Frankreich heirateten.	In 1291, Mahaut married the Count of Burgundy, Otto IV, who was mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291 Mathilde married the Count of Burgundy Otto IV, who was the mother of three children, including two girls, who married kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy. She became the mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut Otto IV, who was mother of three children, including two girls who married Kings of France.	In 1291 Otto IV, who was the mother of three children, including two girls, who married Kings of France.
2546	Leslie Waddington eröffnete 1966 seine eigene Galerie in der Cork Street in London. Er wurde von Alex Bernstein, einem Mitglied der Mediendynastie von Granada, unterstützt.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	Leslie Waddington opened his own gallery on Cork Street, London in 1966. He was assisted by Alex Bernstein, a member of Granada's media dynasty.	In 1966, started his own gallery in London's Cork Street, Leslie Waddington had the backing of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, cork street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	Leslie Waddington opened his own in 1966 . He was assisted by Alex Bernstein, a member of Granada's media dynasty.
669	Die Reihe konvergiert danach fast überall.	Almost everywhere the series converges then.	The series then converges almost everywhere.	The series then converges almost everywhere.	Everywhere the series Converges then.	Series then Converges almost everywhere.
6840	Stretch stielt das Kokain von einem Reality-TV-Star, der dann die Limousine besorgt.	Stretch steals the cocaine from a reality television star, who then procures the limo.	Stretch steals the cocaine from a reality TV star, who then gets the limousine.	Stretch steals the cocaine from a reality television star, who then procures the limousine.	Cocaine from a reality television Star, who then Procures the Limo.	Stretch steals a reality TV Star, who then gets the limousine.
6454	Im neunzehnten Jahrhundert ging die Kritik sogar noch weiter: Der Barockkritiker John Ruskin sagte, dass die britische Skulptur nicht nur schlecht, sondern auch moralisch verwerflich ist.	In the nineteenth century, critique went even further: the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the nineteenth century the criticism went even further: the Baroque critic John Ruskin said that British sculpture is not only bad but also morally reprehensible.	In the 19th century, criticism went even further; the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the nineteenth: the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	Went even further: the baroque critic John Ruskin said that British sculpture is not only bad but also morally reprehensible.
3975	Seine Kinder waren Carolyn und Cynthia (1970 verstorben), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (1971 geboren) und Andrew (1981 geboren).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (deceased 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	His children were), Brennan, matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Brennan, matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).
4804	Die typischen Eulen sind kleine bis große soziale Raubvögel.	The typical owls are small to large solitary birds of prey.	The typical owls are small to large social birds of prey.	The typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey.	The are small to large solitary birds of prey.	The are small to large social birds of prey.
1384	„Everything But You“ ist ein Lied von 1945, komponiert von Don George, geschrieben von Duke Ellington und Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a song of 1945, composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	"Everything But You" is a 1945 song composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a 1945 song composed by Don George with lyrics written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	Is a song of 1945, composed by don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	"everything but 1945 song composed by don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.
1479	Er war das nachgeborene Kind von Sir Henry Thrale, 1. Baronet; seine Mutter war die Schwester des Brauers John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the second-born of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born as a child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the Thrale, 1ST Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the, 1ST Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.
2485	Die Stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez und Rob Huebel.	The stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.	Stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.	The film stars Oscar Nunez, Rob Huebel, Timothée Chalamet, Lily Rabe, Anthony Quintal, and Lili Reinhart.	The Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.	Stars Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.
1804	Mit diesen Innovationen wurde die maximal erreichte Kapazität eines Schnellbussystems auf 35.000 Passagiere pro Stunde erhöht.	With these innovations, the maximum achieved capacity of a BRT system has been increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.	With these innovations, the maximum capacity of an express bus system was increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.	These innovations increased the maximum achieved capacity of a BRT system to 35,000 passengers per hour.	With these achieved capacity of a Brt system has been increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.	With these innovations of an express bus system was increased to 35,000 passengers per hour.
1604	Es ist auch das fünfthöchste Gebäude in Russland, das sechsthöchste in Europa und eines der 90 Supertall-Wolkenkratzer der Welt.	It is also the fifth highest building in Russia, the sixth highest in Europe and one of the 90 Supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It is also the fifth tallest building in Russia, the sixth tallest in Europe and one of the 90 supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It is also the fifth tallest building in Russia, the sixth tallest in Europe and one of the 90 supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It is also Russia, the sixth highest in Europe and one of the 90 Supertall skyscrapers in the world.	It building in Russia, the sixth tallest in Europe and one of the 90 Supertall skyscrapers in the world.
4529	Jedoch war das Album durch Madonna, Prince und Michael Jackson beeinflusst.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, the album was influenced by Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson, however, were influenced on the album.	However,, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However was influenced by Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson.
5503	Im Juli 2016 trat sie als Joseph Conrad in „The Secret Agent“ auf, basierend auf dem gleichnamigen Roman von Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in The Secret Agent, based on the Winnie Verloc novel of the same name.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the eponymous novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, in "the secret agent ", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	Appeared as Joseph Conrad in the secret agent, based on the Winnie Verloc novel of the same name.
5726	„Angel Eyes“ ist ein beliebter Song aus dem Jahr 1946, komponiert von Earl Brent mit einem Text von Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	"Angel Eyes" is a popular 1946 song composed by Earl Brent with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a popular song of 1946, composed by Earl Brent, with texts by Matt Dennis.	"angel 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by matt Dennis.	"angel popular 1946 song composed by Earl Brent with lyrics by matt Dennis.
6693	Kurz nach ihrer Aktivierung unterstützte die 99. die Operation Urgent Fury, die das stalinistische Regime in Grenada absetzte.	Shortly after its activation, the 99th supported Operation Urgent Fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada.	Shortly after its activation, the 99th supported Operation Urgent Fury, which deposed the Stalinist regime in Grenada.	The 99th supported the operation Urgent Wury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada shortly after its activation.	Shortly the 99Th supported operation urgent fury, which replaced the Stalinist regime in Grenada.	Shortly after 99Th supported operation urgent fury, which deposed the Stalinist regime in Grenada.
4515	Sie wurde Mutter von Val, Boris und Rosalind Lorwin, ihre Tochter war Professorin für Psychologie.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin. Her daughter was a psychology professor.	She became the Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	Of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.
1787	Eine EP mit dem Titel Dido Live mit drei von siebzehn Live-Songs auf der DVD wurde am 21. Juni 2005 exklusiv im iTunes Store digital veröffentlicht.	An EP called Dido Live with three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD was digitally released exclusively on the iTunes Store on June 21, 2005.	An EP titled Dido Live, featuring three of seventeen live songs on DVD, was released digitally on June 21, 2005 exclusively on the iTunes Store.	An EP named Dido Live, with three of the seventeen live tracks on the DVD, was exclusively released digitally through the iTunes Store on 21 June 2005.	An of the seventeen live tracks on the Dvd was Digitally released exclusively on the Itunes store on June 21, 2005.	An Ep of seventeen live songs on Dvd, was released Digitally on June 21, 2005 exclusively on the Itunes store.
2378	„Dream”, produziert von John Gielgud und dirigiert von Georg Solti, wurde 1961 im Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, aufgeführt.	``Dream ''was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	"Dream", produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti, was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in 1961.	``Dream ''was performed in 1961 in the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	"the Royal Opera House, Covent garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	"dream ", conducted by Georg Solti, was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent garden in 1961.
324	Gleich nachdem sie das Skript von Aamir Khan gelesen hatte, erklärte sich Mehra bereit, in „Rang De Basanti“ mitzuspielen.	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra agreed to play in ``Rang De Basanti ''.	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra agreed to star in Rang De Basanti.	Mehra agreed to act in ``Rang De Basanti ''immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script.	Immediately after script, Mehra agreed to play in "rang de Basanti ".	Immediately khan's script, Mehra agreed to Star in rang de Basanti.
6128	1964 wurde die Diözese nominell mit dem geringsten (Bischofs-)Rang wiedereingerichtet.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally restored as titular see of the lowest (episcopal) rank.	In 1964 the diocese was nominally reinstated with the lowest (bishop) rank.	In 1964, the diocese was nominally restored as a titular citizen of the lowest (episcopal) rank.	In 1964, restored as titular see of the lowest (Episcopal) rank.	In 1964 nominally reinstated with the lowest (Bishop) rank.
4824	Der Grünflächenanteil in Hernals liegt bei 59,6 %, womit Hernals den dritten Platz im Bezug auf Grünflächen in den Bezirken belegt.	Greenspace in Hernals is 59.6%, of which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.	The proportion of green space in Hernals is 59.6%, which puts Hernals third in terms of green space in the districts.	Greenspace in Hernals is 59.6%, by which Hernals covers the 3rd greenest district.	Is 59.6%, of which Hernals covers the 3RD greenest district.	The proportion is 59.6%, which puts Hernals third in terms of green space in the districts.
2134	Das ehemalige Las-Vegas-Showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) erbt das Baseballteam Cleveland Indians von Donald, ihrem verstorbenen Mann.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from Donald, her late husband.	The former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas Showgirl) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from Donald, her late husband.
3380	Megan Ellison wurde in Santa Clara County, Kalifornien als Tochter des Milliardärs und Vorsitzenden der Oracle Corporation Larry Ellison und seiner Ex-Frau Barbara Boothe Ellison geboren.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California to billionaire Oracle Corporation President Larry Ellison and his ex-wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of billionaire Oracle Corporation chairman Larry Ellison and his ex-wife, Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle corporation - chairman Larry Ellison and his ex - wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was, California to billionaire Oracle corporation President Larry Ellison and his Ex-Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.
3546	Somers war der Sohn von Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, und Elizabeth, die Tochter von Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was Cocks, 1ST Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the, 1ST Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.
4035	In seinem Berliner Arbeitszimmer hingen drei Figuren an der Wand: Schopenhauer, Maxwell und Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three figures hung on the wall in his Berlin study: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three the wall in his Berlin study: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.
7753	Die Mannschaft reagierte auf die Änderungen im selben Spiel am darauffolgenden Abend dieses 19. Februar.	The team responded to the changes in the same game that next February 19 evening.	The team responded to the changes in the same game the following evening of February 19th.	The team responded to the changes in the same game that took place next February evening.	To the changes in the same game that next February 19 evening.	To the changes in the same game the following evening of February 19th.
4863	Die besten Bewertungen der Show erscheinen unten in Rot, und die schlechtesten in Blau.	In the reviews below will be the highest evaluation for the show in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	The show's top ratings appear in red below, and the worst in blue.	In the ratings below, the highest rating for the show will be in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	The highest evaluation for the show in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue episode.	The show appear in red below, and the worst in blue.
6686	Die ersten drei Hotels wurden in den 1980ern in Frankreich errichtet, gefolgt vom Patio Eilat Resort Hotel in Israel.	The first three hotels were built in the 1980s in France, followed by ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in Israel.	The first three hotels were built in France in the 1980s, followed by the Patio Eilat Resort Hotel in Israel.	The first three hotels were built in France in the 1980s followed by the ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in Israel.	The first the 1980s in France, followed by "patio Eilat resort hotel "in Israel.	The built in France in the 1980s, followed by the patio Eilat resort hotel in Israel.
632	Viele Buslinien fahren von der benachbarten Eddy Avenue oder von den nahegelegenen Haltestellen Elizabeth Street oder Railway Square.	Many bus lines depart from the adjacent Eddy Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.	Many bus routes run from neighboring Eddy Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or Railway Square stops.	Many bus services depart from the adjacent Eddy Avenue or from the nearby Elizabeth Street or Railway Square.	From the adjacent Eddy Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or railway square.	Many bus routes Avenue or from nearby Elizabeth Street or railway square stops.
3057	Diese waren im Vereinigten Königreich weit verbreitet, aber relativ selten in Europa, zumindest für große Lokomotiven.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were common in the UK but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were common in the United Kingdom, but in Europe, at least for large locomotives, they are relatively rare.	These were common, but relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.	These were common relatively rare in Europe, at least for large locomotives.
3079	Diese Gattung wird nun der Familie der Eidechsen, bekannt als Igunaidae, Unterfamilie der Polychrotinae, zugeordnet und nicht mehr der aktuell hinfälligen Familie der Polychrotidae.	This genus is now classified in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the current invalid family, polychrotidae.	This genus is now assigned to the family of lizards known as Igunaidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, rather than the currently obsolete family Polychrotidae.	This genus is currently classified in the family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the now invalid family, polychrotidae.	The family of lizards, known as Iguanidae, Subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the current invalid family, Polychrotidae.	To the family of lizards known as Igunaidae, Subfamily Polychrotinae, rather than the currently obsolete family Polychrotidae.
6240	Die Schule verfügt über gut gepflegte Klassenzimmer und eine intelligente Fakultät, die meisten Klassen sind gute Klassen.	The school has well maintained classrooms and an intelligent faculty, most of the classes are good classes.	The school has well-kept classrooms and intelligent faculty, most of the classes are good classes.	The school has well maintained classrooms and smart faculty. Most of the classes are good classes.	The school has an intelligent faculty, most of the classes are good classes.	The school and intelligent faculty, most of the classes are good classes.
7023	Der jüngere Bruder von Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, ist deit 2015 Chief Operating Officer der National Football League.	The younger brother of Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, is currently Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, has been the Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, is currently the chief operating officer of the National Football League since 2015.	The younger brother of, is currently chief operating officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim TOD Leiweke, has been the chief operating officer of the National Football League since 2015.
625	Das BBC College of Journalism wurde im Juni 2005 mit Vin Ray als Chefredakteur als E-Learning-Kursreihe eröffnet. Der erste Direktor war Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism launched as an e-learning course series in June 2005 with Vin Ray as Editor-in-Chief. The first director was Kevin Marsh.	In June 2005, the BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning series with Vin Ray as Executive Editor, whose first director was Kevin Marsh.	The as an E-Learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Ray as executive editor . its first director was Kevin Marsh.	The as an E-Learning course series in June 2005 with Vin Ray as Editor-In-Chief . The first director was Kevin Marsh.
2013	Er verstarb am 19. September 1891 in Gallatin in Tennessee, und erhielt einen Freimaurer in Gallatin.	He died on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	He died September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Mason degree in Gallatin.	Bunting died on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee. He received a Masonic funeral in Gallatin.	He 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	He 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Mason degree in Gallatin.
7995	Der Song wurde 2002 vom britischen Produzenten Vincent Stormfield veröffentlicht und als „Sweet Harmony 02“ von Independiente gecovert.	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as ``Sweet Harmony 02 ''by Independiente.	The song was released in 2002 by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered by Independiente as "Sweet Harmony 02".	In 2002, the song was published by the British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered by Independiente as ''Sweet Harmony 02 ``.	In released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as "sweet harmony 02 "by Independiente.	In 2002 by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered by Independiente as "sweet harmony 02 ".
7813	Dies ist der wichtigste Bahnhof der Stadt Nabadwip im Bezirk Nadia im Staat Westbengalen.	This is the main railway station of Nabadwip town of Nadia District in the state of West Bengal.	This is the main railway station of Nabadwip city in Nadia district of West Bengal state.	This is the main railway station of Nabadwip City of Nadia District in the state of West Bengal.	This station of Nabadwip town of Nadia district in the state of West Bengal.	This railway station of Nabadwip city in Nadia District of West Bengal state.
7581	Sein erster Auftritt als Glockner in der Folge wurde am 22. Februar 2013 ausgestrahlt.	His first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode was broadcast on 22 February 2013.	His first appearance as Glockner in the episode aired on February 22, 2013.	Mason made his first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode broadcast on 22 February, 2013.	His as Glockner during the episode was broadcast on 22 February 2013.	His first in the episode aired on February 22, 2013.
6210	In der neuen TV-Serie „Dead Gorgeous“ spielte Alexandra Coppinger die Rolle der jüngsten Schwester Hazel.	In the new TV-series ''Dead Gorgeous'', Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	In the new TV series "Dead Gorgeous" Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	Alexandra Coppinger played the role of Hazel, the youngest sister, in the new TV series ``Dead Gorgeous ''.	In the gorgeous ", Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	In the dead gorgeous "Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Hazel.
5574	Es dient der Eröffnung der Vorstadt Edithvale südöstlich von Melbourne am 20. September 2019.	It serves the south-eastern Edithvale suburb of Melbourne opening on September 20, 1919.	It serves the opening of the suburb of Edithvale, southeast of Melbourne, on September 20, 2019.	It serves the south-eastern Edithvale suburb of Melbourne opening on 20 September 1919.	It serves suburb of Melbourne opening on September 20, 1919.	Of the suburb of Edithvale, Southeast of Melbourne, on September 20, 2019.
739	Der typische Säger („Mergus octosetaceus“) ist ein Entenvogel der Art der Dunkelsäger.	The typical Merganian (``Mergus octosetaceus '') is a duck in the Brazilian genus Merganser.	The typical sawyer (“Mergus octosetaceus”) is a duck bird of the dark sawyer type.	The typical merganser (``Mergus octosetaceus '') is a duck in the Brazilian merganser genus.	The typical Merganian ") is a duck in the Brazilian genus Merganser.	The typical Octosetaceus ”) is a duck bird of the dark Sawyer type.
5571	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 in İzmir -- 30. Dezember 2004 in Istanbul) war ein türkischer Athlet.	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 in İzmir -- December 30, 2004, in Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut İşman (1915 in İzmir -- December 30, 2004 in Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut Isman (1915 in Izmir -- December 30, 2004, Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza in İZmir--December 30, 2004, in Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.	Rıza Maksut İZmir--December 30, 2004 in Istanbul) was a Turkish athlete.
2248	Die Nationen Mazedonien, Kenia, Azerbaijan, Uruguay und Venezuela nahmen an ihren ersten olympischen Winterspielen teil.	The nations Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Winter Olympic Games.	The nations of Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela took part in their first Winter Olympics.	The nations of Azerbaijan, Kenya, Macedonia, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Olympic Winter Games.	The nations Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first winter Olympic games.	The Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela took part in their first winter Olympics.
6906	Das Colegio Humboldt Puebla wurde 1911 mit 10 deutschen Schülern und einem Grundschullehrer gegründet.	The Colegio Humboldt Puebla was established in 1911 with 10 German students and a primary school teacher.	The Colegio Humboldt Puebla was founded in 1911 with 10 German students and a primary school teacher.	The Colegio Humboldt Puebla was first established with 10 German students and a primary teacher in 1911.	The Colegio Humboldt 1911 with 10 German students and a primary school teacher.	The Colegio in 1911 with 10 German students and a primary school teacher.
5761	Es gilt außerdem zu erwähnen, dass der folgende Code auch ohne ADL funktionieren würde (er wird ohnehin angewendet).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied anyway to it).	It's also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it's applied anyway).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is anyway applied to it).	It the following code would work without Adl (it will be applied anyway to it).	It's also following code would work without Adl (it's applied anyway).
2133	Olivia Loe begann 2004 mit dem Rudern, und Jessica Loe folgte ihr 2006.	Olivia Loe took up rowing in 2004, and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	Olivia Loe started rowing in 2004 and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	In 2004, Olivia Loe took the rowing, and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	Olivia rowing in 2004, and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.	Olivia in 2004 and Jessica Loe followed her in 2006.
2151	Die Vorschläge der Met zur Ausdehnung von Paddington nach South Kensington und östlich von Moorgate nach Tower Hill im Süden wurde am 29. Juli 1864 angenommen und von der Königin genehmigt.	Suggestions from Met to extend from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill to the south were accepted on 29 July 1864 and received the royal approval.	The Met's proposals for expansion from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill in the south were accepted on 29 July 1864 and approved by the Queen.	Proposals from the Met to extend south from Paddington to South Kensington and east from Moorgate to Tower Hill were accepted and received royal assent on 29 July 1864.	Suggestions from met Kensington and East from Moorgate to tower hill to the South were accepted on 29 July 1864 and received the Royal approval.	The met's proposals and East from Moorgate to tower hill in the South were accepted on 29 July 1864 and approved by the queen.
6943	Beim Aufeinandertreffen der Giants und der Chicago Bears stand es 27 : 21 und seit 1976 zum ersten Mal 0 : 6 gegen die Giants.	The Giants fell on the Chicago Bears 27 -- 21 and were for the first time since 1976 with 0 - 6.	The Giants-Chicago Bears clash was 27-21 and 6-0 against the Giants for the first time since 1976.	The Giants fell to the Chicago Bears 27 -- 21, and were 0 -- 6 for the first time since 1976.	The giants 27--21 and were for the first time since 1976 with 0 - 6.	The Giants-Chicago bears 6-0 against the giants for the first time since 1976.
5944	Als Platzer 1993 sein zweites Restaurant in Allentown eröffnete, änderte er den Namen in Gedenken an seinen Großvater Peter Joseph Whelihan zu „P.J. Whelihan's”.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P.J. Whelihan's”.	In 1993, when Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	Second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P.J . Whelihan's ”.
7394	Die meisten von ihnen leben heute in Griechenland und einige noch in Bulgarien.	Today, the majority of them do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Most of them now live in Greece and some still in Bulgaria.	The majority of them live today in Greece, some still in Bulgaria.	Today, them do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Now live in Greece and some still in Bulgaria.
1368	Laurie ist ein Unisex-Vorname. Bei Männern kann es eine Kurzform (Hypokoristikum) von Lawrence oder Laurence sein.	Laurie is a unisex given name. Among males, it can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex first name. In males, it may be a short form (hypocoristic) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex name that can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence among males.	Laurie . Among males, it can be a short form (Hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Name . In males, it may be a short form (Hypocoristic) of Lawrence or Laurence.
2697	In „Der Mörder von nebenan“, einem Detektivroman von Georgette Heyer, wird eine Figur mit Armstrong verglichen.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared with Armstrong.	In "The Killer Next Door," a detective novel by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.	", a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared with Armstrong.	In door, "a detective novel by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.
3247	Alle am 5. Juni eingetragenen Gedenkfeiern wurden durch die orthodoxen Kirchen im alten Kalender festgelegt.	All celebrated commemorations down on June 5 fixed by Orthodox churches on the old calendar.	All commemorations registered on June 5 were fixed by the Orthodox Churches in the old calendar.	All celebrated commemorations below fixed on June 5 by Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar.	All celebrated June 5 fixed by orthodox churches on the old calendar.	All Commemorations 5 were fixed by the orthodox churches in the old calendar.
3765	Jeder, der hinsieht, sollte den Eindruck haben, dass die Schule eine durchgehende Einheit ist, eine einzelne Reihe.	Anyone who watches should have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Anyone looking should get the impression that the school is one continuous entity, one single line.	Anyone watching should have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Have the impression that the school is a continuous body, a single row.	Anyone looking that the school is one continuous entity, one single line.
2895	Der Azusa Campus der Azusa Pacific University liegt im San Gabriel Valley nordöstlich von Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley, situated northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.
3217	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, auch bekannt als Duminda Silva und R. Dumindha Silva, ist ein Politiker aus Sri Lanka und ehemaliger Abgeordneter.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a politician from Sri Lanka and a former Member of Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former MP.	Dumuma Silva, also known as Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of the Parliament.	Also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a politician from Sri Lanka and a former member of Parliament.	, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former MP.
4289	Sie ist die Witwe von Jake Paltrow und die Mutter von Schauspielerin Gwyneth Paltrow und Regisseur Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	Of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	Of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.
1201	Durch den Normalisierungsfaktor wird Absolutwert über den gesamten Bereich der zweiten Potenz des Integralwerts gleich 1.	The normalization factor makes the absolute over all space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The normalization factor makes the absolute value equal to 1 over the entire range of the second power of the integral value.	The normalization factor makes absolute over the entire space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The Normalization over all space of the square of the integral value equal to 1.	The Normalization factor to 1 over the entire range of the second power of the integral value.
4668	In der Nähe verläuft der Wallowa River, ein Nebenfluss des Lostine River, östlich der Wallowa Mountains im Nordosten von Oregon.	Nearby is the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains in the northeast of Oregon.	Nearby, the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, runs east of the Wallowa Mountains in northeastern Oregon.	Nearby is the Wallowa River, a tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa Mountains of northeastern Oregon.	Nearby is Tributary of the Lostine River, east of the Wallowa mountains in the northeast of Oregon.	, a Tributary of the Lostine River, runs east of the Wallowa mountains in northeastern Oregon.
4927	Nach der Rückkehr nach Paramaribo 1954 ließ er sich in Surinam als Anwalt nieder.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Suriname as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled as a lawyer in Suriname.	After returning 1954, he settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After in 1954, he settled in Suriname as a lawyer.
2418	2012 veröffentlichten Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung und Wachter eine Auswertung von Millionen von öffentlichen RSA-Schlüsseln aus dem Internet.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys from the Internet was announced by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	In 2012, Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter published an analysis of millions of RSA public keys from the Internet.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis from the Internet was announced by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter in 2012.	In 2012, Augier, Kleinjung, and Wachter published an analysis of millions of Rsa public Keys from the Internet.
1081	1999 und 2003 wurde er mit Jarno Jokihaara und Marko Ritola Hallenmeister, 2003 wurde er finnischer Meister.	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he became indoor champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, and in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	He became indoor champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became Finnish champion in 2003.	In 1999 indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, and in 2003 he became Finnish champion.
3949	Das erste Foreman of Signals-Trainingsprogramm fand 1951 statt und das 86. und 87. Programm laufen derzeit.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the course.	The first Foreman of Signals training program was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th programs are currently ongoing.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the track.	The was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86Th and 87th running of the course.	The training program was in 1951 and the 86Th and 87th programs are currently ongoing.
1579	Aufgrund dieser unzuverlässigen Mechanismen reichen Transaktions-Transportprotokolle wie das UDP-Protokoll (User Datagram Protocol) für den SIP-Betrieb aus.	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transactional transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP), are sufficient for SIP operation.	Due to these unreliable mechanisms, transaction transport protocols such as the UDP protocol (User Datagram Protocol) are sufficient for SIP operation.	Because of these unreliable mechanisms, transaction protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for SIP operation are sufficient.	Because of these unreliable such as the user Datagram protocol (Udp), are sufficient for sip operation.	Due to these unreliable such as the Udp protocol (user Datagram protocol) are sufficient for sip operation.
5519	E ist erstrangige Leistung und An die zweitrangige Leistung: Chinesen meinen E ist freundlich, On bedeutet Glück und Frieden.	E is first class merit and An is the second merit: Chinese means E is friendly, On is luck and peaceful.	E is primary achievement and An is secondary achievement: Chinese mean E is friendly, On means happiness and peace.	E is first class merit and An is the second merit; Chinese meant E is friendly, An is luck and peaceful.	And an is the second merit: Chinese means E is friendly, on is luck and peaceful.	E an is secondary achievement: Chinese mean E is friendly, on means happiness and peace.
752	Am 17. August 1865 wurde die 3. freiwillige Kavallerie von New York mit der 16. freiwilligen Kavallerie von New York zur 13. provisorischen Kavallerie von New York zusammengelegt.	On 17 August 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer - Cavalry with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry was consolidated into the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	On August 17, 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer Cavalry was amalgamated with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry to form the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	On August 17, 1865, the 3rd New York Volunteer Cavalry was consolidated with the 16th New York Volunteer Cavalry to form the 13th New York Provisional Cavalry.	3rd New York volunteer - cavalry with the 16th New York volunteer Cavalry was consolidated into the 13th New York provisional cavalry.	On August 17, 1865 Cavalry was Amalgamated with the 16th New York volunteer cavalry to form the 13th New York provisional cavalry.
3438	Chandler betrachtete den Computer als Lerninstrument, aber er lehnte den vorherrschenden Objektivismus ab, der Daten zu Informationen und Informationen zu Wissen erhob.	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler viewed the computer as a learning tool, but he rejected the prevailing objectivism that elevated data to information and information to knowledge.	Chandler considered the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information, and information as knowledge.	Chandler tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing Objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler viewed the computer but he rejected the prevailing Objectivism that elevated data to information and information to knowledge.
6345	Robert Vincent Goldsborough wurde am 3. Oktober 1937 in Chicago als Sohn von Architekt Robert Goldsborough und Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough geboren.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was born October 3, 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was born on October 3, 1937 in Chicago to architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Vincent Goldsborough was born in Chicago on October 3, 1937, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was 1937 in Chicago to architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.
1485	Cher hatte in den 1970er Jahren mit den Labels Kapp und MCA mehr Erfolg und blieb dort bis 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Cher had more success with the Kapp and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed there until 1974.	Capp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Cher had more and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed there until 1974.
3809	Zu den berühmten Frauen von Surinam gehören Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod und Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Famous women of Suriname include Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among Suriname's prominent women are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth SAMSON, Cynthia McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Famous women Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth SAMSON, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.
5402	Worcestershire ist eine Stadt und County-Sitz von Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is a town and county city of Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is a city and county seat of Worcester in England.	Worcestershire is a city and county town of Worcester in England.	A town and county city of Worcester in England.	A city and county seat of Worcester in England.
145	Rõuge Valgjärv ist ein See im Südosten des Landkreises Voru in Estland, nahe der Grenze zu Lettland.	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in the southeastern county of Voru in Estonia, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in the south-east of Voru County in Estonia, near the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in Estonia's southeastern county of Voru, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv is southeastern County of Voru in Estonia, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge in the South-East of Voru county in Estonia, near the border with Latvia.
417	Das Line-up konzentriert sich hauptsächlich auf die Musikrichtungen Indie und Alternative.	The line-up is mainly focused on indie music and alternative music.	The line-up mainly focuses on indie and alternative music genres.	The cast is focused mainly on alternative music and indie music.	The mainly focused on Indie music and alternative music.	Mainly focuses on Indie and alternative music genres.
5286	Während seiner Wahlkampagne debattierte er zweimal mit McCain, einmal in Tucson und einmal in Flagstaff.	During his election campaign, he twice debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated with McCain twice, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated McCain twice, once in the flagstaff, and once in Tucson.	During his election debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	He debated with McCain twice, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.
5491	Wie viele Volksgemeinschaften in Uganda, einschließlich der Langi, Acholi, und Alur, nehmen die Luo üblicherweise keine rituelle Beschneidung zur Initiation der Männer vor.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not typically perform ritual circumcision for male initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as an initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many communities in, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not typically perform ritual circumcision for male initiation.
4329	Andererseits kann ein „Brutto“-Gewinn zugewiesen werden oder durch seinen Besitzer anderweitig übertragen werden.	In contrast, a profit ``gross ''can be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	On the other hand, a "gross" profit may be allocated or otherwise transferred by its owner.	By contrast, a profit ``in gross ''can be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	In contrast, "can be assigned or otherwise transferred by its owner.	On the "gross "profit may be allocated or otherwise transferred by its owner.
7703	Es ist ein berühmter Wallfahrtsort, ca. 78 Kilometer von Dharwad und 37 Kilometer von Belgaum entfernt.	It is a celebrated pilgrimage centre located 78 kilometres from Dharwad and 37 kilometres from Belgaum.	It is a famous place of pilgrimage about 78 kilometers from Dharwad and 37 kilometers from Belgaum.	It is a famous pilgrimage centre located 78 kilometres from Dharwad and 37 kilometres from Belgaum.	Celebrated pilgrimage centre located 78 kilometres from Dharwad and 37 kilometres from Belgaum.	It is a about 78 kilometers from Dharwad and 37 kilometers from Belgaum.
3192	Malcolm Fraser, der Whitlam bei den Abgeordnetenhauswahlen im Dezember 1975 überwältigend besiegt hatte, bot Egerton den Ritterstand für Dienste an der Gewerkschaftsbewegung an.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 federal election, offered the knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had overwhelmingly defeated Whitlam in the December 1975 general election, offered Egerton a knighthood for services to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the federal election in December 1975, offered Egerton the knighthood for serving the trade union movement.	Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 Federal election, offered the Knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, in the December 1975 general election, offered Egerton a Knighthood for services to the trade union movement.
2667	De Ruiter, geboren in Leiden, spielte für den FC Utrecht, den FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, den RKC Waalwijk und den FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, has played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	De Ruiter, born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Born in Leiden, de Ruiter has played for RKC Waalwijk, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, FC Utrecht and FC Emmen.	De Ruiter, born for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, Rkc Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, Rkc Waalwijk and FC Emmen.
3265	Das Treffen wird von der Ankunft vieler Botschafter von verschiedenen mächtigen oder einflussreichen Marduks in der Stadt und diversen Einladungen zum Essen für den Prinzen unterbrochen.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of many messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with various invitations to dinner for the Prince.	The meeting is punctuated by the arrival of many ambassadors from various powerful or influential Marduks in the city and various invitations to dinner for the prince.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many invitations for dinner for the Prince.	The meeting many Messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with various invitations to dinner for the Prince.	The meeting is punctuated from various powerful or influential Marduks in the city and various invitations to dinner for the Prince.
4347	1933 schrieb Cattell, dass von allen europäischen Rassen die „nordische die intelligenteste sei und die mit dem stabilsten Gemüt.“	In 1933 Cattell wrote that, of all the European races, the ``Nordic race was the most evolved in intelligence and stability of temperament. ''	In 1933, Cattell wrote that of all the European races, the "Nordic is the most intelligent and the most stable of tempers."	In 1933, Cattell wrote that, of all European races, the ``Nordic race was the most developed intelligence and stability in temperament.	In 1933 Cattell the European races, the "Nordic race was the most evolved in intelligence and stability of temperament . "	In 1933, Cattell European races, the "Nordic is the most intelligent and the most stable of tempers . "
7530	Die Anschubfinanzierung stammte von der Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, vom Financier Edward W. Scott, und dem Technologie-Unternehmer George Soros.	Start-up funds came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	The seed funding came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	The funds came from the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funds came Melinda gates foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	The seed funding Melinda gates foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.
3838	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy gewann im Finale mit 7:6 und 7:6 gegen Andrey Kusnezow.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final 7:6 and 7:6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final with 7-6, 7-6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Veigy won the final 7:6 and 7:6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.
115	Das Loyang-Team schlug die Raffles Institution in der Eröffnungsrunde und die Xinmin Secondary School im Viertelfinale, bevor es im Halbfinale gegen die Hwa Chong Institution verlor.	The Loyang team defeated the Raffles Institution in the opening round and the Xinmin Secondary School in the quarter-finals before losing to the Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.	The Loyang team beat Raffles Institution in the opening round and Xinmin Secondary School in the quarterfinals before losing to Hwa Chong Institution in the semifinals.	Loyang's team defeated Raffles Institution in the opening round and Xinmin Secondary School in the quarter-finals, before losing to Hwa Chong Institution in the semi-finals.	The in the opening round and the Xinmin secondary school in the Quarter-Finals before losing to the Hwa Chong institution in the Semi-Finals.	The Loyang team beat round and Xinmin secondary school in the Quarterfinals before losing to Hwa Chong institution in the Semifinals.
4477	Herbert Wessels ist (seit 2009) zweiter Herausgeber, Chefredakteur ist (seit 2002) Markus Ermert.	Second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), Chief Editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	Herbert Wessels is (since 2009) second editor, Editor-in-Chief (since 2002) is Markus Ermert.	The second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), chief editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	Second editor since 2009), chief editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	Herbert 2009) second editor, Editor-In-Chief (since 2002) is Markus Ermert.
2714	Nachdem Finch zum Hauptlager zurückgekehrt war, traf Mitchell mit tragischen Nachrichten ein.	After Finch returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch had returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.
540	Während seiner Teilnahme an der DTM stand der Audi V8 in Konkurrenz zu den viel kleineren und leichteren Mercedes 190, BMW M3 und zum etwas kleineren Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its participation in the DTM, the Audi V8 faced competition from the much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with significantly smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its participation V8 faced competition from the much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.
2137	Jools Holland und McEwen wurden 1995 geschieden, danach heiratete sie den Musiker Ned Lambton .	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995, after which she married musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician, Ned Lambton.	Were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Mcewen divorced in 1995, after which she married musician Ned Lambton.
6364	Hirasea gonobasis ist eine Spezies der kleinen luftatmenden Schnecke, ein terrestrisches Pulmonat-Gastropod-Weichtier der Familie Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis is a species of small air-breathable snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea gonobasis is a species of small air-breathing snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk of the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea goniobasis is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea Goniobasis is Air-Breathable snail, a terrestrial Pulmonate Gastropod Mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Hirasea Gonobasis is Air-Breathing snail, a terrestrial Pulmonate Gastropod Mollusk of the family Endodontidae.
1177	Aufgrund dieser Transaktionsmechanismen sind unzuverlässige Transportprotokolle wie das User Datagram Protocol (UDP) für den SIP-Betrieb ausreichend.	Because of these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) for the SIP operation are sufficient.	Due to these transaction mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) are sufficient for SIP operation.	Because of these transactional mechanisms, unreliable transport protocols, such as the User Datagram Protocol (UDP), are sufficient for SIP operation.	Because of these transaction such as the user Datagram protocol (Udp) for the sip operation are sufficient.	Due to these protocols such as the user Datagram protocol (Udp) are sufficient for sip operation.
1466	Das BBC College of Journalism wurde im Juni 2005 als E-Learning-Serie mit Kevin Marsh als Executive Editor, leitender Direkter vor Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor, the first director of which was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was launched in June 2005 as an e-learning series with Kevin Marsh as executive editor, senior director before Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Vin Ray.	The BBC college of as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as executive editor, the first director of which was Vin Ray.	Was launched in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as executive editor, senior director before Vin Ray.
6837	43 Menschen wurden gerettet; 40 in den Rettungsbooten und drei von der „Delaware“.	43 people were saved; 40 in the lifeboats and three rescued by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were rescued; 40 in the lifeboats and three from the Delaware.	43 people were saved, 40 were rescued in the lifeboats and three by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people in the lifeboats and three rescued by the "Delaware ".	43; 40 in the lifeboats and three from the Delaware.
7952	Karen Phillips (gespielt von Suranne Jones) ging eine Beziehung mit Steve ein.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve of Suranne Jones played.	Karen Phillips (played by Suranne Jones) began dating Steve.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve played by Suranne Jones.	Began a relationship with Steve of Suranne Jones played.	(played by Suranne Jones) began dating Steve.
2341	Zu Beginn der Staffel war er zusammen mit Howard, Jeremy, McCrae und Nick Teil des „Moving Company“-Bündnisses.	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	At the start of the season he was part of the Moving Company alliance along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae and Nick.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in part of the "moving company "alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	At he was part of the moving company alliance along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae and Nick.
345	Es gilt außerdem zu beachten, dass der folgende Code ohne ADL funktionieren würde (wird ohnehin darauf angewendet).	It's also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it is applied to it anyway).	Also note that the following code would work without ADL (will be applied to it anyway).	It is also worth noting that the following code would work without ADL (it will be applied anyway to it).	It's the following code would work without Adl (it is applied to it anyway).	Following code would work without Adl (will be applied to it anyway).
485	Somatherapie (oder Soma) wurde in den 1970er Jahren als Gruppentherapie von Freire, basierend auf der Forschungsarbeit des Psychoanalytikers Wilhelm Reich, entwickelt.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was developed as a group therapy by Freire in the 1970s, based on the research of psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created in the 1970s by the Freire as a group therapy based on the researches of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Was developed as a group therapy by Freire in the 1970s, based on the research of psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.
3243	Die Band wurde 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, gegründet, nachdem Gitarrist Ben Eberbaugh und Bassist Jared Swiley die Renegades und Gitarrist Cole Alexander die Reruns verlassen hatten.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swiley left the Renegades and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band, founded in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 Ben Eberbaugh and Bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The in 1999 after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and Bassist Jared Swiley left the Renegades and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.
4935	Mit den Labels Kapp und MCA hatte Cher in den Siebzigern am meisten Erfolg und sie blieb bis 1974 bei ihnen.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Cher had the most success with the Kapp and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Success with the Kapp and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed with them until 1974.
862	Am Anfang der Saison gehörte er zu der Allianz der "Moving Company", gemeinsam mit Nick , Jeremy , McCrae und Howard .	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	At the beginning of the season he was part of the "Moving Company" alliance along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	He was part of the "moving company "alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	At the beginning part of the "moving company "alliance along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard.
4959	Clovis Kalyebara wurde in Harugongo geboren, einem Dorf im „Kabarole District“, Subcounty Kichwamba, West-Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was born in the ``Kabarole District '', Kichwamba Sub County, in the village of Harugongo, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was born in Harugongo, a village in Kabarole District, Subcounty Kichwamba, western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was born in ``Kabarole District '', Kichwamba Sub County, in Harugongo Village, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was born ", Kichwamba sub County, in the village of Harugongo, Western Uganda.	Clovis Kalyebara was a village in Kabarole district, Subcounty Kichwamba, Western Uganda.
1217	Agbo spielte für die Belgrader Vereine FK Rad und FK Obilić in FR Jugoslawien, bevor er zu Vereinen nach Frankreich und in die Türkei zog.	Agbo played for the Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs to France and Turkey.	Agbo played for Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs in France and Turkey.	Agbo played for the Belgrade clubs FK Rad and FK Obilić in FR Yugoslavia before moving to clubs in France and Turkey.	Clubs Fk RAD and Fk Obilić in Fr Yugoslavia before moving to clubs to France and Turkey.	Agbo played for and Fk Obilić in Fr Yugoslavia before moving to clubs in France and Turkey.
4277	Er fing an, von Simeon aus aufzuzählen und schloss Benjamin ein und begann wieder von vorne.	He began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He began counting from Simeon and included Benjamin and started again.	He began to count Simeon, and included Benjamin and continued the count from the beginning.	He began, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He from Simeon and included Benjamin and started again.
493	Der offizielle indonesische Vertreter in Rom wurde im März 1952 eingesetzt, während die Italienische Republik ihren offiziellen Vertreter in Jakarta im Oktober 1952 eingesetzt hatte.	Indonesian official representative in Rome was established in March 1952, while the Italian Republic had established its official representative in Jakarta on October 1952.	The Indonesian official representative in Rome was installed in March 1952, while the Italian Republic installed its official representative in Jakarta in October 1952.	The official Indonesian representative in Rome was established in March 1952, while in October 1952 the Italian Republic established its official representative in Jakarta.	Was established in March 1952, while the Italian Republic had established its official representative in Jakarta on October 1952.	Rome was installed in March 1952, while the Italian Republic installed its official representative in Jakarta in October 1952.
4453	Mit Unterstützung der Vereinten Nationen, der Asian Development Bank und der Weltbank gründete Lao PDR 1974 den Fond Stage II.	With the support of the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao PDR founded the Stage II fund in 1974.	With the support of the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao PDR established Fond Stage II in 1974.	In 1974 Lao PDR established the Stage II fund with the help of the World Bank, the United Nations, and the Asian Development Bank.	With nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao Pdr founded the stage II fund in 1974.	With nations, the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, Lao Pdr established fond stage II in 1974.
5022	Während der ausführende Produzent Richard Jasek bemerkte, dass Mason „ein guter Junge“ mit einem schlechten Herzen sei.	While performing producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason ``is a good boy ''who has a bad heart.	While executive producer Richard Jasek noted that Mason was "a good boy" with a bad heart.	While executive producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason is ``a good boy '', who has a bad heart.	While performing producer commented that Mason "is a good boy "who has a bad heart.	While executive that Mason was "a good boy "with a bad heart.
2638	Prosipho crassicostatus ist eine Meeresschnecke, ein Bauchfüßer-Weichtier aus der Familie der Buccinidae, den Meeres-Hornschnecken.	Prosipho crassicostatus is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Prosipho crassicostatus is a sea snail, a gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the sea horn snails.	Prosipho crassicostatus is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the marine whelks.	Prosipho Crassicostatus sea snail, a true Gastropod Mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the Marine Whelks.	Prosipho snail, a Gastropod Mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the sea Horn snails.
5876	Erginus galkini ist Art Meeresschnecke, eine echte Napfschnecke, ein Meeresbauchfüßer-Weichtier aus der Familie der Lottiidae, eine der Familien der echten Napfschnecken.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Erginus galkini is species of sea slug, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the true limpet families.	Erginus galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropodemollusk in the Lottiidae family, one of the families of the true limpets.	Sea snail, a true Limpet, a Marine Gastropod Mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true Limpets.	Erginus Galkini is true Limpet, a Marine Gastropod Mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the true Limpet families.
7014	Dann zog er in die Schweiz und später nach Italien, wo er Shelley und Byron traf.	Then he moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met with Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and later Italy where he met Shelley and Byron.	Then he later to Italy, where he met with Shelley and Byron.	He then and later to Italy, where he met Shelley and Byron.
7827	Enigmaticolus Monnieri ist eine Art der Meeresschnecken, der wahren Gastropoden-Weichtiere der Familie der Buccinidae, der Meeres-Wellhornschnecken.	Enigmaticolus Monnieri is a sea snail species, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Enigmaticolus monnieri is a species of sea snails, the true gastropod molluscs of the family Buccinidae, the sea whelks.	Enigmaticolus monnieri is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the marine whelks.	Enigmaticolus Monnieri species, a true Gastropod Mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the Whelks marine.	Species of sea snails, the true Gastropod Molluscs of the family Buccinidae, the sea Whelks.
7076	Es ist nur in Hawaii verbreitet, wo es jetzt auf die Insel von Hawaii begrenzt ist und in Kauai und Maui ausgerottet wurde.	It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is now limited to the island of Hawaii and has been extirpated from Kauai and Maui.	It is distributed only in Hawaii, where it is now confined to the island of Hawaii and has been eradicated in Kauai and Maui.	It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is now limited to the island of Hawaii and has been exterminated by Kauai and Maui.	, where it is now limited to the island of Hawaii and has been extirpated from Kauai and Maui.	It is where it is now confined to the island of Hawaii and has been eradicated in Kauai and Maui.
7252	Propilidium pelseneeri ist eine Art Seeschnecke, eine echte Napfschnecke, ein Meeresbauchfüßer-Weichtier aus der Familie der Lepetidae, eine der Familien der echten Napfschnecken.	Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of sea slug, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the true limpet families.	Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of the sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the Lepetidae family, one of the families of true limpets.	Propilidium Pelseneeri is a true Limpet, a Marine Gastropod Mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the families of true Limpets.	Propilidium Pelseneeri is a true Limpet, a Marine Gastropod Mollusk in the family Lepetidae, one of the true Limpet families.
185	Podkriváň ist ein Dorf und eine Gemeinde in der Region Banská Bystrica, im Bezirk Detva in der Mittelslowakei.	Podkriváň is a village and municipality in the region Banská Bystrica, in the district of Detva in Central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is a village and municipality in the Banská Bystrica region, in the Detva district of central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is a village and municipality in Banská Bystrica Region, in the Detva District of central Slovakia.	Podkriváň municipality in the region Banská Bystrica, in the District of Detva in central Slovakia.	Podkriváň is in the Banská Bystrica region, in the Detva District of central Slovakia.
2180	Die teilweise entdeckten impressionistischen Gemälde aus dem barocken Mittelalter waren unter der Schmutzschicht unbeschädigt.	Under the dirt and partially discovered impressive paintings, Baroque Mediaeval paintings were completed.	The partially discovered Impressionist paintings from the Baroque Middle Ages were undamaged under the layer of dirt.	Under the dirt and partially discovered impressive paintings, baroque medieval paintings were completed.	Under partially discovered impressive paintings, baroque Mediaeval paintings were completed.	The from the baroque Middle Ages were undamaged under the layer of dirt.
488	Im Dezember 1969 wurde die 49. zur 29. Armeedivision.	In December 1969, 49th Army Division became 29th Army Division.	In December 1969, the 49th became the 29th Army Division.	In December 1969 the 49th Army Division 29th Army Division became.	1969, 49th Army division became 29th Army division.	In, the 49th became the 29th Army division.
1059	Sie wurde am 1. April 1971 aus dem Schiffsregister der Marine gestrichen und noch im selben Jahr verschrottet.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	She was struck from the Navy's register of ships on April 1, 1971 and scrapped that same year.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel Register on 1 April 1971 and struck in the same year.	She Navy vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	She was struck register of ships on April 1, 1971 and scrapped that same year.
6367	Den "Hymenaea stiginocarpa" gibt es in Nord-, Mittel- und Ost-Paraguay und in Brasilien.	``Hymenaea stiginocarpa ''occurs in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	The "Hymenaea stiginocarpa" is found in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	``Hymenaea stiginocarpa ''comes in northern, central and eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	"Hymenaea in northern, central and Eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.	The "found in northern, central and Eastern Paraguay and in Brazil.
5398	David David Hayes Prophater moderierte das Ganze und Jeff Scott leitete das Publikum zu einem A-Cappella-Gesang an.	David David Hayes Prophater served as announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an A cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater moderated the whole thing and Jeff Scott led the audience into a cappella singing.	David Hayes Prophater served as the announcer and Jeff Scott led the audience in a cappella singing.	David David announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an a Cappella singing.	David David Hayes thing and Jeff Scott led the audience into a Cappella singing.
824	Anfang Februar lag die Anzahl gemeldeter Brände bei 73, wovon 26 außer Kontrolle geraten waren, weshalb es voraussichtlich einen weiteren Monat dauern würde, diese zu kontrollieren.	The number of reported fires at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	At the beginning of February, the number of fires reported was 73, of which 26 were out of control, so it was expected to take another month to control them.	The number of reported fires in early February was at 73 with 26 out of control, and expected time to be to control another month of fires.	The number of reported was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	At of fires reported was 73, of which 26 were out of control, so it was expected to take another month to control them.
954	Die Nashua Silver Knights, Teil einer Sommercollege-Liga, sind das heutige Team in der Stadt.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer collegiate league, is today's team in the city.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer college league, are the team in town today.	The Nashua Silver Knights, part of a summer collegiate league, is the city's current team.	, part of a summer collegiate League, is today's team in the city.	The Nashua silver a summer college League, are the team in town today.
5163	Mit der primären Notierung an der nigerianischen Börse ist es das erste afrikanische Unternehmen, das grenzübergreifend und intern an der Börse von Johannesburg notiert ist.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian stock exchange, it is the first African company to have a cross-border, internal listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With its primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it is the first African company to be cross-border and internally listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a primary listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, it's the first African company to have a cross-border inward listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	With a exchange, it is the first African company to have a cross-border, internal listing on the Johannesburg stock exchange.	With its primary listing it is the first African company to be cross-border and internally listed on the Johannesburg stock exchange.
1565	McCarthy wurde in Auckland geboren, zog aber vierjährig mit seinen Eltern nach San Francisco, Kalifornien.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	McCarthy was born in Auckland but moved to San Francisco, California with his parents when he was four.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved to San Francisco, California at the age of four years with his parents.	Mccarthy was born moved with his parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	Mccarthy but moved to San Francisco, California with his parents when he was four.
622	Die Satrapen der Achämenidenzeit beherrschten jedoch kleinere Gebiete und hatten vielleicht weniger Ansehen und Einfluss als ihre parthischen Vorgänger.	The satraps of Achaemenid times, however, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the satraps of the Achaemenid period ruled smaller areas and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the satraps of Achaemenid times governed smaller territories, and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	The Satraps, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, period ruled smaller areas and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.
863	Craig war mit Sara Tetro, einem ehemaligen Model, Fernsehmoderatorin und Jurymitglied bei New Zealand's Next Top Model verheiratet und hat zwei Kinder mit ihr.	Craig has two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig was married to and has two children with Sara Tetro, a former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig has two children and was married to former model, television host and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model, Sara Tetro.	Craig has two Sara Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's next top model.	Craig was with Sara Tetro, a former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's next top model.
7515	Dr. Hector, Cody und Christie finden Dr. Christie, die Forrest als Geisel nimmt.	Dr. Hector, Cody and Christie find Dr. Christie, who takes Forrest hostage.	dr Hector, Cody, and Christie find Dr. Christie taking Forrest hostage.	Hector, Cody, and Christie find Dr. Christie who takes Forrest hostage.	Dr. and Christie find Dr. Christie, who takes Forrest hostage.	Dr, and Christie find Dr. Christie taking Forrest hostage.
7488	Wenn eine höhere Anzahl verschiedener IEs benötigt wird, führt dies oft zu mehr Problemen bei der Planung der Kapazität und führt unweigerlich zu einer Nichtlieferung der IP.	When a higher number of different IEs is required, this often results in more capacity planning problems and inherently leads to a non-delivery of the IP.	If a higher number of different IEs are required, this often leads to more problems in planning the capacity and inevitably leads to non-delivery of the IP.	When a higher number of different IEs are required, it often results in more planning problems in capacity and inherently leads to a non-delivery of the IP.	When a higher number of often results in more capacity planning problems and inherently leads to a Non-Delivery of the IP.	If a required, this often leads to more problems in planning the capacity and inevitably leads to Non-Delivery of the IP.
5000	Zu dieser Zeit gehörte das Land Leslie Vernon Calcutt, der einem Mietvertrag über 99 Jahre mit Herrn Johnson zustimmte.	At that time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At the time the land was owned by Leslie Vernon Calcutt, who agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	Owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-Year lease with Mr Johnson.	At the time by Leslie Vernon Calcutt, who agreed to a 99-Year lease with Mr Johnson.
7907	Die Axuchs waren eine bekannte türkische Familie, die eng mit der Komnenen-Dynastie verbunden war und viele renommierte Generäle stellte.	The Axouchoi were a prominent family of Turkish origin, which was closely connected with the Komnenian dynasty and provided a number of prestigious generals.	The Axuchs were a prominent Turkish family closely associated with the Komnenen dynasty and provided many renowned generals.	The Axouchoi were a prominent family of Turkish origin, which was closely associated with the Komnenian dynasty and provided a number of distinguished generals.	The Axouchoi Turkish origin, which was closely connected with the Komnenian dynasty and provided a number of prestigious generals.	Prominent Turkish family closely associated with the Komnenen dynasty and provided many renowned generals.
7958	Mit ihrer Hilfe konnte ich mir einige meiner musikalischen Träume früherer Stile erfüllen und dieser neue Stil ist wirklich groß, frisch und auf natürliche Art und Weise flüssig.	With her I have been able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with early styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally fluent.	With their help I've been able to fulfill some of my musical dreams of previous styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally fluid.	With her I've been able to fulfill some of my musical dreams with early styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally flowing.	With her I of my musical dreams with early styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally fluent.	With to fulfill some of my musical dreams of previous styles and this new style is really big, fresh and naturally fluid.
66	Das Folgende ist eine Liste von Fouls, die gemäß den Vorgaben der Nevada State Athletic Commission, von den Staaten festgelegt wurden, die regulatorische Vollmachten in der MMA haben.	The following is a list of fouls established by the states that regulate MMA, as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	The following is a list of fouls, as determined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission, by states that have regulatory powers in MMA.	The following is a list of fouls defined by the states that regulate MMA as outlined by the Nevada State Athletic Commission.	The following established by the States that regulate Mma, as outlined by the Nevada state athletic Commission.	The Fouls, as determined by the Nevada state athletic Commission, by States that have regulatory powers in Mma.
4727	1914 gründete Mr. Todoroff das Restaurant Coney Island und kreierte sein Rezept für die Jackson Coney Island Chili-Soße.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the restaurant Coney Island and created his Jackson Coney Island Chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created his recipe for Jackson Coney Island Chili Sauce.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created his Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In founded the restaurant Coney Island and created his Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In 1914 the Coney Island restaurant and created his recipe for Jackson Coney Island chili sauce.
7237	Die NVIDIA TITAN V wurde am 7. Dezember 2017 offiziell von Nvidia angekündigt.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially announced by Nvidia on 7 December 2017.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially announced by Nvidia on December 7th, 2017.	NVIDIA officially announced the Nvidia TITAN V on December 7, 2017.	The was officially announced by Nvidia on 7 December 2017.	V was officially announced by Nvidia on December 7th, 2017.
7634	Der Azusa Campus der Azusa Pacific University liegt im San Gabriel Valley nordöstlich von Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is situated in the San Gabriel Valley, located northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.
6361	Es wurde 1943/1944 von den Deutschen gebaut, zweimal von alliierten Bombern versenkt und schließlich 1946/1947 verschrottet.	It was raised in 1943 -- in 1944 by the Germans and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	It was built by the Germans in 1943/1944, sunk twice by Allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946/1947.	She was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	It was raised by the Germans and sunk twice by Allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946--in 1947.	It was built 1943/1944, sunk twice by Allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946/1947.
6897	Geboren wurde Eugene D. Engley am 5. April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, als Sohn von James Henry Engley und seiner Frau, geborene Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to James Henry Engley and his wife, nee Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to James Henry Engley and his wife, Nee Mary Kaley.
7536	Innerhalb von fünf Tagen breitete sich die kühle Luftmasse von den südlichen Marianen bis zu den nördlichen Philippinen aus.	Within five days, this cold air mass extended from the southern Marianas to the northern Philippine Islands.	Within five days, the cool air mass spread from the southern Mariana Islands to the northern Philippines.	Within five days, this cold air mass stretched from the southern marianas to the northern Philippine islands.	Within cold air mass extended from the Southern Marianas to the northern Philippine Islands.	Within five days mass spread from the Southern Mariana Islands to the northern Philippines.
3581	Iselin starb am 5. Januar 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. Seine Beerdigung fand auf Marthas Vineyard in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts statt.	Iselin died on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place on Martha's Vineyard in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin died on 5 Massachusetts . His funeral took place in Vineyard haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died in Falmouth, Massachusetts . His funeral took place on Martha's Vineyard in Vineyard haven, Massachusetts.
7059	Die Plattformen pc1000 und pc1500 wurden 2006 mit VIA C3-Prozessoren beschrieben. Die pc3500 wurde im August 2007 mit der VIA C7 eingeführt.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were described in 2006, using the VIA C3 processors. The pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 using the VIA C7.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were described in 2006 with VIA C3 processors. The pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 with the VIA C7.	The pc1000 and pc1500 platforms were described in 2006 with the VIA C3 processors and the pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 with the VIA C7.	The Pc1000 and, using the Via C3 processors . The Pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 using the Via C7.	The described in 2006 with via C3 processors . The Pc3500 was introduced in August 2007 with the Via C7.
2100	Nur 10 Tage später wurde er zusammen mit Aaron Heilman zu den Seattle Mariners für Ronny Cedeño versetzt.	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	, he was traded with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.
3136	Er war der Sohn von Thomas Cairnes und dessen Frau, Jane Scott, der Tochter von John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.	Of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	He was the and his wife, Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.
6246	Der effektive Mittelwert kann bei Frequenzen aus Formel 2 und Formel 3 durch einfache Absorptions- und Emissionsquerschnitte  beschrieben werden.	The effective medium can be characterized by simple cross-sections of absorption and emission at frequencies of Formula 2 and Formula 3.	The effective mean can be described for frequencies from formula 2 and formula 3 by simple absorption and emission cross sections.	The effective medium can be characterized with simple cross-sections of absorption and emission at frequencies formula _ 2 and formula _ 3.	The effective by simple Cross-Sections of absorption and emission at frequencies of formula 2 and formula 3.	The effective mean frequencies from formula 2 and formula 3 by simple absorption and emission cross sections.
484	Gemäß dem statistischen Bundesamt der USA hat Southport eine Gesamtfläche von die zu aus Land und, oder 0,91 % aus Wasser besteht.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport is a total surface area of which has land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the US Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of ​​about 0.91% land and or 0.91% water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Southport has a total area of, of which is land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According Bureau, Southport is a total surface area of which has land and, or 0.91%, is water.	According to the has a total area of ​​About 0.91% land and or 0.91% water.
5597	Sie wurde in Vancouver, British Columbia, geboren und wuchs in der Nachbarstadt North Vancouver auf.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia and grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring town of North Vancouver.	British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	Vancouver, British Columbia and grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.
5137	Sie waren da, um mit uns zu beten und um eine schöne Zeit mit uns zu verbringen.	They were there for us to pray, and they were there to enjoy us.	They were there to pray with us and to have a good time with us.	They were there for us to enjoy and they were there for us to pray.	They us to pray, and they were there to enjoy us.	To pray with us and to have a good time with us.
222	Erzbischof Seóighe wurde am 16. Mai 1485 berufen und 1487 geweiht. Er starb entweder am 20. oder am 20. Dezember 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on 16 May 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either December 20 or December 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487, died either on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe 1485 and Consecrated in 1487 . He died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop 16, 1485 and Consecrated in 1487 . He died on either December 20 or December 20, 1501.
5308	Am 7. Dezember 2017 kündigte NVIDIA offiziell die Nvidia TITAN V an.	On December 7, 2017 NVIDIA officially announced the Nvidia TITAN V.	On December 7, 2017, NVIDIA officially announced the Nvidia TITAN V.	The NVIDIA TITAN V was officially announced by Nvidia on 7 December 2017.	On December Nvidia officially announced the Nvidia Titan V.	On 2017, Nvidia officially announced the Nvidia Titan V.
556	Später benutzte er es als Symbol für die nationalsozialistische Partei; er setzte es auf einen roten Kreis vor einen weißen Hintergrund und nahm dies als Flagge.	He later used it as a symbol for the Nazi party and placed it on a red circle and a white background to use it as a flag.	He later used it as a symbol for the National Socialist Party; he put it on a red circle in front of a white background and used that as a flag.	He later used it as a symbol for the Nazi Party, and placed it on a red circle and white background for use as a flag.	He for the Nazi party and placed it on a red circle and a white background to use it as a flag.	For the National Socialist party; he put it on a red circle in front of a white background and used that as a flag.
6541	Einige Historiker sagen, die herrschende Klasse in Holland wollte, dass Holland sich in das flämische Rechtssystem einfügt und flämische wirtschaftliche Institutionen annimmt.	Some historians say that the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate with the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians say the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to conform to the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians say that the ruling class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate into the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some class in Holland wanted Holland to integrate with the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.	Some historians Holland wanted Holland to conform to the Flemish legal system and adopt Flemish economic institutions.
1835	Heute beherbergt das Schloss wechselnde Museumsausstellungen sowie mehrere ethnographische Sammlungen.	Today, the castle houses changing museum exhibits and accommodates several ethnographic collections.	Today the castle houses changing museum exhibitions as well as several ethnographic collections.	Today the castle hosts changing museum exhibits, and houses several ethnographic collections.	Castle houses changing museum exhibits and accommodates several Ethnographic collections.	Houses changing museum exhibitions as well as several Ethnographic collections.
5850	AleX ist eine italienische Fernsehserie. Die Serie wurde von Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli und Alfredo Castelli produziert und von Videotime geschrieben.	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	AleX is an Italian TV series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	The Italian television series AleX was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by videotime.	Series . The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	Series . The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.
3372	Nachdem sie Verstärkung von Nordafrika übergesetzt hatte, kehrte sie am 18. August nach Oran zurück, um sich auf die Invasion Italiens vorzubereiten, für die sie am 5. September ablegte.	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, she returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she sailed on September 5.	After ferrying reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran on August 18th to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she cast off on September 5th.	After ferrying reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy itself, for which she sailed 5 September.	After promoting reinforcements 18, she returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she sailed on September 5.	After Ferrying reinforcements from Oran on August 18th to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she cast off on September 5th.
2320	Sein Vater, Alfie Byrne, war Abgeordneter, Senator und Oberbürgermeister von Dublin. Ein weiterer Bruder, Patrick Byrne, war ebenfalls TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was an MP, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother, Patrick Byrne, was also a TD.	His father Alfie Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother Patrick Byrne was also a TD.	, was a representative, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also Td.	His an MP, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin . Another brother, Patrick Byrne, was also a Td.
606	Evonne Goolagon schlug François Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr by 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Evonne Goolagon beat François Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.	Françoise Dürr by 6--4, 6 - 2.	Evonne Goolagon 6--4, 6--2.
1304	Desweiteren gab es für die United States Championship ein Triple-Threat-Match zwischen Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz und Kofi Kingston.	Furthermore, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	There was also a Triple Threat match between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston for the United States Championship.	Next was a Triple Threat match for the United States Championship between champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Furthermore, a triple States championship was between champion Jack swagger, the Miz and Kofi Kingston.	There match between champion Jack swagger, the Miz and Kofi Kingston for the United States championship.
5331	Sein Vater starb in seiner Jugend und seine Mutter, Catherine A. Fagan heiratete 1842 Samuel Adams, der zwei Jahre später Gouverneur von Arkansas wurde.	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who two years later became the governor of Arkansas.	And his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.
6536	Die Besetzung konzentriert sich hauptsächlich auf Indie-Musik und alternative Musik.	The cast is focused mainly on indie - music and alternative music.	The line-up focuses primarily on indie music and alternative music.	The line-up is mainly focused on indie music and alternative music.	The mainly on Indie - music and alternative music.	Focuses primarily on Indie music and alternative music.
1747	„Dawn” ist die neununddreißigste Folge (Produktion Nr. 213) der Fernsehserien, die dreizehnte Folge der zweiten Staffel.	``Dawn ''is the thirty-ninth episode (production # 213) of the TV series'', the thirteenth season of the second season.	"Dawn" is the thirty-ninth episode (Production #213) of the television series, the thirteenth episode of the second season.	``Dawn ''is the thirty-ninth episode (production # 213) of the television series``, the thirteenth of the second season.	Thirty-ninth episode (production #213) of the TV series ", the thirteenth season of the second season.	"dawn "is #213) of the television series, the thirteenth episode of the second season.
6854	Der Jidanul ist ein Nebenfluss des Jiul de Vest in Rumänien.	The Jidanul River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.	The Jidanul is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest in Romania.	The Jidanul River is a tributary of the River Jiul de Vest, Romania.	The Jidanul Tributary of the Jiul de vest River in Romania.	The Tributary of the Jiul de vest in Romania.
2269	Eine internationale, unabhängige Expertengruppe untersuchte die Auswirkungen des Unfalls und kam zu dem Schluss, dass niemand infolge des Unfalls getötet oder vergiftet wurde.	An international independent group of experts studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international, independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An international independent group of experts examined the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was poisoned or killed as a result of the accident.	Studied the impact of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.	An International, independent of the accident and concluded that no one was killed or poisoned as a result of the accident.
4396	Das Meeting wird durch die Ankunft verschiedener Boten einiger mächtiger oder einflussreicher Mardukanier in der Stadt unterbrochen, die Einladungen zum Abendessen für den Prinzen bringen.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many dinner invitations for the Prince.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from some powerful or influential Mardukans in the city, bringing dinner invitations for the prince.	The meeting is interrupted by the arrival of various messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many invitations for dinner for the Prince.	The arrival of various Messengers from various powerful or influential Mardukans in the city with many dinner invitations for the Prince.	The arrival of various Messengers from some powerful or influential Mardukans in the city, bringing dinner invitations for the Prince.
4955	3. Oktober: Phil Tufnell besiegte James Hewitt (er gewann Dart Double 1)	3 October: Phil Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning Dart Double 1)	October 3: Phil Tufnell def. James Hewitt (he won darts double 1)	3 October: Phil Tufnell beat James Hewitt (winning dart double 1)	Phil Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning Dart double 1)	October Tufnell def . James Hewitt (he won darts double 1)
6441	Sowohl die europäische als auch die nordamerikanische Version ist auf Englisch.	Both the European version and the North American version are in English language.	Both the European and North American versions are in English.	Both the North American version and the European version are in English.	Both and the North American version are in English language.	Both and North American versions are in English.
2936	Steve Whitley trat erstmals Anfang Juli in Erscheinung. Er war der kriminelle Vater von Harper Whitley und Garrett Whitley und der Bruder von Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He was the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Steve Whitley, the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley, and brother of Benny Cameron.	Early July . He is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first he was the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.
4273	Decipium war der isolierte Name eines neuen chemischen Elements aus mineralischem Samarskit, das von Marc Delafontaine vorgeschlagen wurde.	Decipium was the isolated name for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated name of a new chemical element from samarskite mineral proposed by Marc Delafontaine.	Decipium was the isolated term for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the Mineral Samarskite.	Decipium for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the mineral Samarskite.	Decipium was the new chemical element from Samarskite mineral proposed by Marc Delafontaine.
4556	Norman Melancton Geddes, geboren als Norman Bel Geddes (27. April 1893–8. Mai 1958), war ein amerikanischer Theater- und Industriedesigner.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was an American theatrical and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes, (April 27, 1893 -- May 8, 1958) was an American theatrical and industrial designer.	Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was an American theatrical and industrial designer.
6700	Vor der Rückkehr der serbischen Flüchtlinge im Jahr 1999 verließen albanische Familien das Dorf.	Albanian families left the village before the return of Serbian refugees in 1999.	Albanian families left the village before the Serb refugees returned in 1999.	Before the return of Serbian refugees in 1999, Albanian families left the town.	Albanian village before the return of Serbian refugees in 1999.	The village before the Serb refugees returned in 1999.
948	Der Film wurde von A. Sreekar Prasad aufgenommen und von Rajiv Menon redigiert.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was recorded by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Rajiv Menon.	The by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.
2593	Es gab einige Gewalt gegen paramilitärische Juden in den Anfangsjahren der Weimarer Republik, und diese ging vor allem vom deutschen Freikorps aus.	There was some violence against paramilitary Jews in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and it was led by the German Freikorps.	There was some violence against paramilitary Jews in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and this was primarily perpetrated by the German Freikorps.	In the early years of the Weimar Republic, there was violence against paramilitary Jews, led by the German Freikorps.	There was in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and it was led by the German Freikorps.	There was in the early years of the Weimar Republic, and this was primarily perpetrated by the German Freikorps.
6664	Es ist aus den USA (Maine, Oregon, Kalifornien) und British Columbia (Kanada) bekannt.	It is well known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is known from the USA (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It is known from the United States (Maine, Oregon, California) and Canada (British Columbia).	It is well States (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).	It USA (Maine, Oregon, California) and British Columbia (Canada).
5958	Man empfiehlt schriftliche Finanzverträge mit verlässlichen Zeugen, obwohl Uneinigkeit über die Gleichstellung weiblicher Zeugen besteht.	Recommends written financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is a dispute about equality of female witness.	Written financial contracts with reliable witnesses are recommended, although there is disagreement about the equality of female witnesses.	Recommends written financial contracts with reliable witnesses, although there is dispute about equality of female testimony.	With reliable witnesses, although there is a dispute about equality of female witness.	Written financial are recommended, although there is disagreement about the equality of female witnesses.
1946	Nichols liegt bei (41,479113, -91,308291) in Bezirk 15 von Muscatine County, am westlichen Rand von Pike Township, Iowa.	Nichols is located (41.479113, -91.308291) in Section 15 of Muscatine County, at the western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	Nichols is located at (41.479113, -91.308291) in District 15 of Muscatine County, on the western edge of Pike Township, Iowa.	Nichols is located at (41.479113, -91.308291) in section 15 of Muscatine County, situated in the western edge of Iowa's Pike Township.	, -91.308291) in section 15 of Muscatine County, at the Western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	41.479113, -91.308291) in district 15 of Muscatine County, on the Western edge of Pike Township, Iowa.
1883	Eliza war die Tochter seiner Schwester Judith, die um 1748 verstorben war.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who died around 1748.	Eliza was daughter of his sister Judith who had died in about 1748.	Eliza of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Daughter of his sister Judith, who died around 1748.
2787	Die ersten drei Hotel wurde in den 1980ern in Israel gebaut. Darauf folgte das „Patio Eilat Resort” in Frankreich.	The first three hotels were built in Israel in the 1980s followed by the ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in France.	The first three hotels were built in Israel in the 1980s. This was followed by the "Patio Eilat Resort" in France.	The first three hotels were built in the 1980s in Israel, followed by ``Patio Eilat Resort Hotel ''in France.	The in Israel in the 1980s followed by the "patio Eilat resort hotel "in France.	The first three hotels the 1980s . This was followed by the "patio Eilat resort "in France.
6932	Feldgemüse und Wurzelpflanzen wurden in der Regel nicht angebaut und wuchsen in freier Wildbahn je nach Jahreszeit.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field vegetables and root crops were generally not cultivated and grew in the wild according to the season.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field were generally not cultivated and grew seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field vegetables and not cultivated and grew in the wild according to the season.
1638	Unter den Arbeitern waren der Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, der Arzt Jan Gadomski und Professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jan Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among the workers were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jan Gadomski and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were Professor Eugeniusz Rybka, Dr. Jan Gadomski and Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn.	Among were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor JAN Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among the Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor JAN Gadomski and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.
299	Die 2008 eröffneten Studios wurden von Martin Pilchner entworfen und der Bau wurde von Chefingenieur Zach Hancock überwacht.	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Martin Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studios were designed by Martin Pilchner and construction was overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studios were designed by Martin Pilchner and are overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	The studios, were designed by Martin Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened studios were designed by Martin Pilchner and construction was Overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.
581	Das Gegenbauer-Polynom erscheint in der Regel als Erweiterung des Legendre-Polynoms im Kontext von Potenztheorien und harmonischen Analysen.	The Gegenbauer polynomials appear naturally as extensions of Legendre polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	The Gegenbauer polynomial usually appears as an extension of the Legendre polynomial in the context of power theories and harmonic analyses.	The Gegenbauer - polynomials appear as extensions of legend - polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	The Gegenbauer polynomials of Legendre polynomials in the context of potential theory and harmonic analysis.	Appears as an extension of the Legendre polynomial in the context of power theories and harmonic analyses.
5793	Superstar Jackie Shroff’s Fahrer Alok Nath konnte seinen Job nicht machen also wurde er durch seinen Sohn Deepak (Rahul Roy) ersetzt.	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath couldn't do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Alok Nath, the driver of superstar Jackie Shroff, was not able to do his job so that he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Alok Nath couldn't do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).
698	Der Fluss Bradu ist ein Nebenfluss des Hudeasa in Rumänien.	The river Bradu is a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The Bradu River is a tributary of the Hudeasa in Romania.	The Bradu River is a tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The River Tributary of the Hudeasa River in Romania.	The is a Tributary of the Hudeasa in Romania.
912	1096 gelangte es wieder zu Arnulf de Montgomery zurück, aber 1102 ging es an die Aumales, die es bis 1221 behielten.	In 1096 it returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but in 1102 went over to the Aumales, who held it until 1221.	In 1096 it was returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but in 1102 it passed to the Aumales, who kept it until 1221.	In 1096 it returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but passed to the Aumales in 1102, who held it until 1221.	Arnulf de Montgomery, but in 1102 went over to the Aumales, who held it until 1221.	In 1096 it was, but in 1102 it passed to the Aumales, who kept it until 1221.
6000	Für die Szenen in Connecticut fanden die Dreharbeiten in Kapstadt, Südafrika, statt.	For the scenes in Connecticut the filming took place in Cape Town, South Africa.	Filming for the Connecticut scenes took place in Cape Town, South Africa.	Filming took place in Cape Town, South Africa for the scenes set in Connecticut.	For Connecticut the filming took place in Cape town, South Africa.	Filming scenes took place in Cape town, South Africa.
4794	„Aku Ankka“ wird von Sanoma Media (ehemals Sanoma Magazines) herausgegeben, das zu Sanoma gehört.	``Aku Ankka ''is published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	“Aku Ankka” is published by Sanoma Media (formerly Sanoma Magazines), which is owned by Sanoma.	``Aku Ankka ''is published by Sanoma Media (formerly known as Sanoma Magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	"published by Sanoma media (formerly Sanoma magazines), which is part of Sanoma.	“ aku Ankka Sanoma media (formerly Sanoma magazines), which is owned by Sanoma.
3447	In seinem Arbeitszimmer in Berlin hingen drei Personen an der Wand: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three people hung on the wall in his study in Berlin: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In his figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three people in his study in Berlin: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.
6497	Die Station wurde 1947 auf Winter Islands von der British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey unter dem Namen „Station F“ oder „Argentine Islands“ errichtet.	The station was founded by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1947 as Station F or Argentine Islands ''on Winter Island.	The station was established in 1947 on Winter Islands by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey under the name "Station F" or "Argentine Islands".	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Argentine Islands '', on Winter Island in 1947.	The British Falkland Islands Dependencies survey in 1947 as station f or Argentine Islands "on winter Island.	The station was by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies survey under the name "station f "or "Argentine Islands ".
6279	Sie fügte hinzu, dass die Vergewaltigung kurz nach dem besagten Zwischenfall stattgefunden hatte.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She added that the rape took place shortly after said incident.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	She rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She the rape took place shortly after said incident.
2504	Am 13. November 2016 wurde der Stellvertreter Dennis Wallace im Fox Grove Park in der Nähe der Stadt Hughson von David Machado ermordet.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Dennis Wallace was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Deputy Dennis Wallace was murdered by David Machado at Fox Grove Park near the town of Hughson.	On 13 November 2016, David Machado murdered Dennis Wallace in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson.	, deputy Dennis Wallace was murdered in Fox grove park near the city of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, Wallace was murdered by David Machado at Fox grove park near the town of Hughson.
7615	Das Manga hat für das Sega Mega Drive in Japan und Asien ein Videospiel mit dem gleichen Namen	The manga has a videogame for the Sega Mega Drive with the same name in Japan and Asia.	The manga has a video game of the same name for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia	The manga has a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	The Manga the Sega mega drive with the same name in Japan and Asia.	The game of the same name for the Sega mega drive in Japan and Asia
6611	Seine Blätter sind abwechselnd entlang der Äste angeordnet und sind lanzettlich, oval oder fast rund und haben einen langen Stiel.	Its leaves are arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a stalk long.	Its leaves are arranged alternately along the branches and are lanceolate, oval or almost round and have a long stalk.	Its leaves are arranged alternately along the branches and are lance-shaped, egg-shaped or almost circular and have a long stem.	Its leaves are branches and are Lance-Shaped, Egg-Shaped or almost circular and have a stalk long.	Its along the branches and are Lanceolate, oval or almost round and have a long stalk.
6715	„Ras” Abbi Addi rückte nach Kassa vor und schloss sich mit „Ras” Seyoum im Zentrum zusammen.	``Ras ''Abbi Addi advanced to Kassa and joined up with`` Ras'' Seyoum in the center.	“Ras” Abbi Addi advanced to Kassa and joined up with “Ras” Seyoum in the center.	``Ras ''Abbi Addi advanced to Kassa and joined with'' Ras ''Seyoum in the center.	"Ras to Kassa and joined up with "Ras "Seyoum in the center.	“ Ras ” Kassa and joined up with “ Ras ” Seyoum in the center.
5898	Der Rassestandard beschreibt ihn als einen Hund mit starkem Temperament und ausgeprägter Individualität, der Fremden gegenüber misstrauisch ist.	The breed standard describes the dog as having a strong temperament and sharp individuality, distrustful of strangers.	The breed standard describes him as a dog with a strong temper and strong individuality, wary of strangers.	The breed standard describes the dog as a strong temperament and a sharp individuality, distrustful of strangers.	The breed standard having a strong temperament and sharp individuality, Distrustful of strangers.	Him as a dog with a strong temper and strong individuality, wary of strangers.
4949	Viele der Dämonen in Salomons Begegnungen stammen aus griechischen, christlichen, jüdischen, ägyptischen, arabischen und anderen Überlieferungen.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arab, and other traditions.	Many of the demons in Encounters with Solomon are drawn from Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the are Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arab, and other traditions.	Encounters with Solomon are drawn from Greek, Christian, Jewish, Egyptian, Arabic, and other traditions.
616	Sie wurde zwischenzeitlich von den Deutschen geborgen, 1943/1944 von alliierten Bombern versenkt und 1946/1947 endgültig verschrottet.	She was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	In the meantime she was salvaged by the Germans, sunk by Allied bombers in 1943/1944 and finally scrapped in 1946/1947.	It was raised by the Germans in 1943 -- 1944 and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	She was raised by Allied bombers twice in 1943--1944, and finally scrapped in 1946--1947.	In the meantime the Germans, sunk by Allied bombers in 1943/1944 and finally scrapped in 1946/1947.
2552	Hardwick trat 1997 als Naomi Russell und 1998 als Sheila Dixon in „Coronation Street” auf.	Hardwick appeared in ``Coronation Street ''in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared as Naomi Russell in 1997 and Sheila Dixon in 1998's Coronation Street.	In 1997, she appeared as Naomi Russell in ``Coronation Street ''and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared in in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Naomi Russell in 1997 and Sheila Dixon in 1998's Coronation street.
2934	Der Petkeljärvi-Nationalpark ist ein Nationalpark in Finnland, in der Region Ilomantsi in Nordkarelien.	The Petkeljärvi National Park is a national park in Finland in the region of Ilomantsi in North Karelia.	Petkeljärvi National Park is a national park in Finland, in the Ilomantsi region of North Karelia.	Petkeljärvi National Park is a national park in Finland in the Ilomantsi region of North Karelia.	The Petkeljärvi National Park in Finland in the region of Ilomantsi in North Karelia.	Petkeljärvi National Park in Finland, in the Ilomantsi region of North Karelia.
5387	Der Wrestler springt dann herum, schwingt vorwärts um sich zurück zu werfen und den Kopf des Gegners auf die Matte fallen zu lassen.	The wrestler then jumps around and swings forward to fall backwards and drop the opponent's head into the mat.	The wrestler then leaps around, swinging forward to throw back and drop the opponent's head to the mat.	The wrestler then jumps around and swings forward to fall back and let the opponent's head drop into the mat.	The wrestler swings forward to fall backwards and drop the opponent's head into the mat.	The wrestler then forward to throw back and drop the opponent's head to the mat.
2066	Michael Liebel Sr. war 14 Jahre alt, als seine Eltern aus Erie, Pennsylvania nach Deutschland kamen.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.	Michael Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came from Erie to Pennsylvania in Germany.	Michael Liebel Sr. when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.
792	Somers war der Sohn von Richard Eliot, dem 1. Baron Somers und Charles Cocks, der Tochter von Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, the 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers, and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers Richard Eliot, the 1ST Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the, 1ST Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.
7718	Bis jetzt wurden die Stücke von Zinovjev vom Oulu Symphony Orchestra, dem Lahti Symphony Orchestra, der Kymi Sinfonietta, dem Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra und Avanti aufgeführt!	So far Zinovjev ’ s works have been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far, Zinovjev's pieces have been performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	Zinovjev's works have been so far performed by Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Oulu Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, the Finnish radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!	So far performed by Oulu Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Kymi Sinfonietta, Finnish radio Symphony Orchestra and Avanti!
2823	Wie viele ethnische Gemeinden in Uganda, z. B. die Langi, Acholi und die Alur, praktizieren die Luo das Aufnahmeritual der Beschneidung von Männern nicht.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, e.g. The Luo, for example, the Langi, Acholi, and the Alur, do not practice the initiation ritual of male circumcision.	Like many ethnic communities in Uganda, including the Langi, Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of men as initiative.	Like many ethnic communities in Acholi, and Alur, the Luo do not practice the ritual circumcision of males as initiation.	Like many ethnic Luo, for example, the Langi, Acholi, and the Alur, do not practice the initiation ritual of male circumcision.
6038	Nico Rosberg war der schnellste, vor Valtteri Bottas von Williams und Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	Nico Rosberg was the quickest, ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	Nico Rosberg was fastest, ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The quickest, ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.
1267	2009 wurde Antonio beim Asia Continental Chess Championship Dritter und war der erste Spieler der philippinischen Geschichte, der sich später in diesem Jahr für die Weltmeisterschaft qualifizierte.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio became third player in Asia - Continental - Chess - Championship and was the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio finished third at the Asia Continental Chess Championship and became the first player in Filipino history to qualify for the World Championship later that year.	Antonio finished third in the 2009 Asia Continental Chess Championship and became the first player in the Philippines' history to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio became chess - championship and was the first Player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the world cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio chess championship and became the first Player in Filipino history to qualify for the world championship later that year.
766	Dakota City ist Teil der Sioux City, IA -- NE -- NE -- SD Metropolitan Statistical Area .	Dakota City is part of the Sioux City, IA -- NE -- SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.	Dakota City is part of the Sioux City, IA -- NE -- NE -- SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.	Dakota City is part of the Metropolitan Statistical Area of Sioux City, IA - NE, SD.	Of the Sioux City, IA--NE--SD metropolitan statistical area.	Dakota the Sioux City, IA--NE--NE--SD metropolitan statistical area.
109	Es erschien am 22. Dezember 2011 und wurde im Februar 2012 angekündigt.	It was released on 22 December 2011 and was announced in February 2012.	It was released on December 22, 2011 and announced in February 2012.	It was published on 22 December 2011 and was announced in February 2012.	It 22 December 2011 and was announced in February 2012.	It was 22, 2011 and announced in February 2012.
2666	Migvan (farbenfroh „erleuchtet“) ist ein kleines Kibbuz, das in der Stadt Sderot im Nordwesten der Wüste Negev in Israel gelegen ist.	Migvan (Colourful ``lit '') is a small urban kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the northwestern Negev desert in Israel.	Migvan (colorful "illuminated") is a small kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the north-west of the Negev desert in Israel.	Migvan (Colourful ``lit '') is a small city kibbutz in the town of Sderot in the northwestern desert of Negev in Israel.	") is a small urban Kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the Northwestern Negev desert in Israel.	") is a small Kibbutz located in the city of Sderot in the North-West of the Negev desert in Israel.
7746	Brown ist mit Brown verheiratet und lebt in Lehi, Utah. Die Carol Ewer sind Eltern von acht Kindern.	Brown is married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah, the Carol Ewer are parents of eight children.	Brown is married to Brown and lives in Lehi, Utah. The Carol Ewers are parents to eight children.	Brown is married to Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah. The Carol Ewer are the parents of eight children.	Brown and resides in Lehi, Utah, the Carol Ewer are parents of eight children.	Brown is lives in Lehi, Utah . The Carol Ewers are parents to eight children.
3985	Im Rahmen der laufenden Ermittlungen verhörte die Polizei auch den Sänger Rimi Tomy und die Schauspielerin Kavya Madhavan, beides enge Freunde von Siddique und seiner Frau Dileep.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part of the ongoing investigation, police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep.	The police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep.
6580	Ibn Amira wurde in Alzira, einer Provinz von Valencia, geboren.	Ibn Amira was born in Alzira, the province of Valencia.	Ibn Amira was born in Alzira, a province of Valencia.	Ibn Amira was born at Alzira in the province of Valencia.	Was born in Alzira, the province of Valencia.	Ibn born in Alzira, a province of Valencia.
3249	Der Film war ein kommerzieller Erfolg und einer der politischeren Filme von Sergio Sollima. Er war nicht so erfolgreich wie die früheren „Spaghetti-Western“ des Directors.	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's westerns.	The film was a commercial success and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films. It wasn't as successful as the director's previous "spaghetti westerns."	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the director's earlier Spaghetti Westerns.	The film was of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's Westerns.	The film was a commercial's more political films . It wasn't as successful as the director's previous "spaghetti Westerns . "
5050	Vor seiner Unabhängigkeit war das kaiserliche Russland ein autonomes Großherzogtum innerhalb von Finnland.	Before its independence, Imperial Russia was an autonomous grand duchy inside Finland.	Before gaining independence, Imperial Russia was an autonomous grand duchy within Finland.	Imperial Russia was an autonomous Grand Duchy before its independence within Finland.	, Imperial Russia was an autonomous grand Duchy inside Finland.	Before Imperial Russia was an autonomous grand Duchy within Finland.
4227	Zusammen mit Lucas (Martin Hensen) ist er Empfänger des renommierten Carnegie Mathematik-Stipendiums.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	Along with Lucas (Martin Hensen), he is a recipient of the prestigious Carnegie Mathematics Scholarship.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	Along Hensen), he is a recipient of the prestigious Carnegie mathematics scholarship.
2582	Billie Jean König besiegte Rosalyn Fairbank mit 6:2, 6:1.	Billie Jean König defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Jean King defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6-2, 6-1.	Billie Jean King defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6--2, 6--1	Billie defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6-2, 6-1.
2324	Tindi ist eine nordostkaukasische Sprache die in der Russischen Republik Dagestan gesprochen wird.	Tindi is a northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is a Northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.	Tindi is an Northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian republic of Dagestan.	Northeast Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.	Tindi Caucasian language spoken in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.
2829	Eine Woche später wurde er in die Poliklinik in der gleichen Stadt verlegt, wo sie mit Herz operiert wurde und sich gut erholt hatte.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later he was transferred to the polyclinic in the same city, where she underwent heart surgery and recovered well.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated from heart and recovered favorably.	A week later he in the same city, where she was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she underwent heart surgery and recovered well.
7176	Das Museum ist zentral im Jiangbeizui CBD gelegen, nahe dem Zusammenfluss von Jialing Jiang und Jangtsekiang.	The museum is centrally located in Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.	The museum is centrally located in the Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the Jialing Jiang and the Yangtze River.	The museum is centrally located in Jiangbeizui CBD, near the confluence of the river Jialing and the river Yangtze.	The museum Jiangbeizui Cbd, near the Confluence of the Jialing River and the Yangtze River.	The in the Jiangbeizui Cbd, near the Confluence of the Jialing Jiang and the Yangtze River.
1139	Diese Station ist Teil der Linie Metra der LaSalle Street Station, die zwischen Joliet und dem Bezirk Rock Island in der Chicago Loop verläuft.	This station is part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line, running between Joliet and the Rock Island District in the Chicago Loop.	This station is part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line, which runs between Joliet and the Rock Island borough of the Chicago Loop.	This station is part of the LaSalle Street Station Metra line that runs between Joliet and the Rock Island District in the Chicago Loop.	This station is part Metra line, running between Joliet and the rock Island district in the Chicago loop.	This station is part Metra line, which runs between Joliet and the rock Island borough of the Chicago loop.
2188	In der richtigen Fortsetzung trifft Superman jedoch den jetzigen Zod zum ersten Mal in „Kryptons letzter Sohn”.	However, in true continuity, Superman meets the current Zod for the first time in ``Last Son ''.	In the real sequel, however, Superman first meets the now-Zod in "Krypton's Last Son."	In real continuity, Superman in ``Last Son ''meets the current Zod for the first time.	However, in meets the current Zod for the first time in "last son ".	In however, Superman first meets the Now-Zod in "Krypton's last son . "
5936	Außerdem sind die Gruppen Air, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF und Manu Chao auf dem Album zu hören.	Also the groups ''Air ``, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF and Manu Chao attended the album.	Also featured on the album are groups Air, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF and Manu Chao.	Cassius, the groups ``Air '', Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF, and Manu Chao also participated in the album.	Also the groups ", Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and Fff and Manu Chao attended the album.	Also featured on, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, Fff and Manu Chao.
5274	Am 20. Februar 1959 beendete Premierminister John Diefenbaker das Projekt und besiegelte das Ende der fünf zerschlagenen Arrows.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five dismantled Arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker ended the project and sealed the end of the five smashed Arrows.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker finished the project and the five dismantled arrows were completed.	On, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five dismantled arrows were completed.	On February 20, Diefenbaker ended the project and sealed the end of the five smashed arrows.
2240	Die Schiffe der Siegfried-Klasse hatten eine große Gesamtlänge und eine lange Wasserlinie.	The ships of the Siegfried class were long overall at the waterline and long.	The ships of the Siegfried class had a large overall length and a long waterline.	The ships of the Siegfried class were overall long and long on the waterline.	The Siegfried class were long overall at the waterline and long.	The Siegfried class had a large overall length and a long waterline.
2843	Er wurde am 5. Mai 1940 in Konstantinopel (Istanbul) geboren und starb am 19. November 2011 in Athen an Krebs.	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 May 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	He was born on May 5, 1940 in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer on November 19, 2011 in Athens.	He was born on 5 May 1940 in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer in Athens on 19 November 2011.	He Istanbul) on 5 may 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer on November 19, 2011 in Athens.
1914	Brough and Shatton ist eine politische Gemeinde in Hope Valley im Distrikt High Peak der Grafschaft Derbyshire, England.	Brough and Shatton is a civil parish in Hope Valley in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England.	Brough and Shatton is a parish in Hope Valley, High Peak, Derbyshire, England.	Brough and Shatton is a municipality in Hope Valley in the Derbyshire High Peak district of England.	Brough and parish in hope Valley in the high peak District of Derbyshire, England.	Brough and parish in hope Valley, high peak, Derbyshire, England.
3862	Die Music Hall wurde zuerst 1862 von Paris nach London importiert und wurde ungemein beliebt, mit Tänzern, Sängern, Akrobaten, Zauberern und dressierten Tieren.	The music hall was first imported to London from Paris in 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	The Music Hall was first imported to London from Paris in 1862 and became immensely popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians and trained animals.	The music hall was first imported from Paris to London in 1862 and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, and mage-trained animals.	The music hall was first 1862, and became enormously popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians trained animals.	The London from Paris in 1862 and became immensely popular, with dancers, singers, acrobats, magicians and trained animals.
1199	Bei einer alternierenden Turingmaschine verwenden wir die Ressource ATIME.	If we have an alternating Turing machine, we use the resource ATIME.	For an alternating Turing machine, we use the ATIME resource.	When we have an alternating turing machine, we use the resource ATIME.	An alternating Turing machine, we use the resource Atime.	Alternating Turing machine, we use the Atime resource.
4420	Er war 1947 ein erfolgloser Kandidat für den Richter von South Bend City und 1948 für die Staatsanwaltschaft von Saint Joseph County.	He was an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	He was an unsuccessful candidate for the South Bend City judge in 1947 and for the Saint Joseph County Attorney in 1948.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for South Bend city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of Saint Joseph County.	For South bend city judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the Prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	He the South bend city judge in 1947 and for the saint Joseph County attorney in 1948.
2524	Long wurde in Israel geboren, wanderte als junger Mann nach Australien aus und ließ sich dort 1961 nieder.	Long was born in Israel, migrated as a young man to Australia and settled there in 1961.	Born in Israel, Long immigrated to Australia as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Born in Israel, Lang migrated to Australia as a young man and settled there in 1961.	Long, migrated as a young man to Australia and settled there in 1961.	Born in Israel Australia as a young man and settled there in 1961.
1260	Der Tempel dient Hindus aus Südasien und Einwanderern aus Nord- und Südkorea als kulturelles und religiöses Zentrum.	The temple serves as a cultural and religious centre for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from the Korean countries.	The temple serves as a cultural and religious center for Hindus from South Asia and immigrants from North and South Korea.	The temple serves as the cultural and religious center for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from Korean countries.	The cultural and religious centre for South Asian Hindus and immigrants from the Korean countries.	A cultural and religious center for Hindus from South Asia and immigrants from North and South Korea.
6453	Alexander Baumgartner (geboren am 27. Juni 1841 in St. Gallen, Schweiz, gestorben 1910 in Luxemburg) war ein Dichter und Literaturgeschichtsschreiber.	Alexander Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland; died in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland, died 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and literary historian.	Alexander Baumgartner (born in St. Gall, Switzerland, 27 June 1841; died Luxembourg, 1910) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born Gallen, Switzerland; died in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (in St. Gallen, Switzerland, died 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and literary historian.
5601	Schließlich veröffentlichte er im „Western Republican” eine der ersten botanischen Sammlungen, die in Ohio von einem professionellen Botaniker veröffentlicht wurden.	He eventually made, in ``Western Republican '', one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	Eventually he published in the Western Republican one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	He eventually made, in the ``Western Republican '', one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	He eventually Republican ", one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional Botanist.	Eventually he Republican one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional Botanist.
3147	2012 wurde von Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung und Wachter  eine Analyse angekündigt, bei der Millionen öffentlicher RSA-Schlüssel aus dem Internet verglichen wurden.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	In 2012, Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter announced an analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys from around the web.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys collected from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis comparing from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Lenstra, Hughes, Augier, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	In 2012, Lenstra, Kleinjung, and Wachter announced an analysis comparing millions of Rsa public Keys from around the web.
2769	An Bord des Flugzeugs waren Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard und Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	Aboard the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard, and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	Aboard Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald grant Millard, and Captain John F. Lorraine.
4774	43 Personen wurde gerettet, 40 in Rettungsbooten und drei von der Delaware.	43 people were saved, 40 were rescued in the lifeboats and three by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were rescued, 40 in lifeboats and three by the Delaware.	43 people were rescued, 40 in the lifeboats and three saved by the ``Delaware ''.	43 people were rescued in the lifeboats and three by the "Delaware ".	43 people 40 in lifeboats and three by the Delaware.
6236	Er arbeitete mit zeitgenössischen Architekten wie Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti und Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto zusammen.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He worked such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
3268	Dies ist eine brillante Wiedergabe von lilafarbenem Licht und dramatischem Sonnenschein.	It is a brilliant rendering of purple lights and dramatic sunshine.	This is a brilliant rendition of purple light and dramatic sunshine.	It is a brilliant rendition of purple lights and dramatic sunshine.	It brilliant rendering of purple lights and dramatic sunshine.	This brilliant rendition of purple light and dramatic sunshine.
5353	Die obenstehenden Beispiele für den possessiven Wortstamm „-m” standen in der ersten Person Singular.	The above examples for the possessive theme ``-m ''were for the first person singular.	The above examples of the possessive stem "-m" were in the first person singular.	The above examples for the possessive theme ``-m ''were singular to the first person.	The above possessive theme "-M "were for the first person singular.	The the possessive stem "-M "were in the first person singular.
157	„T“ ist einer Matrix ähnlich, deren kanonische Einträge bei der Jordanschen nicht-Null-Form auf der Superdiagonalen liegen.	``T ''is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal, by the Jordan only non-zero form.	“T” is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries lie on the superdiagonal in non-zero Jordanian form.	``T ''is similar to a matrix whose canonical entries are on the superdiagonal form of the Jordan non-zero.	"t "whose Canonical entries are on the Superdiagonal, by the Jordan only Non-Zero form.	Similar to a Matrix whose Canonical entries lie on the Superdiagonal in Non-Zero Jordanian form.
971	McMillan verbrachte zwei Jahre beim Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth und später in Didcot, wo er eine MRS für Soldaten durchführte, die im Koreakrieg verwundet worden waren.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he operated an MRS for soldiers injured in Korean War.	McMillan spent two years with the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth and later at Didcot, where he conducted MRS for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan medical Corp. in Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where he operated an Mrs for soldiers injured in Korean war.	Mcmillan medical Corp. at Tidworth and later at Didcot, where he conducted Mrs for soldiers wounded in the Korean war.
1605	Die Station „Holbrook“ schloss im Jahr 1962, so dass der nächste Zugang zur Linie über die Ronkonkoma oder die Medford Station erfolgt.	The Holbrook station closed in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at the Ronkonkoma station or Medford station.	The Holbrook station closed in 1962, so the closest access to the line is through Ronkonkoma or Medford station.	The Holbrook station was closed in 1962, so the nearest access to the line is at Ronkonkoma Station or Medford Station.	1962, so the nearest access to the line is at the Ronkonkoma station or Medford station.	The 1962, so the closest access to the line is through Ronkonkoma or Medford station.
6047	Er arbeitete mit zeitgenössischen Architekten wie Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto , Bartolomeo Picchiatti und Francesco Grimaldi.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He worked with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He worked with Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.
5685	Apollonia ist das heutige Sosopol in Bulgarien, und Selymbria heißt heute Silivri und liegt an der Marmaraküste.	Apollonia corresponds to modern Sozopol, in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia is today's Sozopol in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is now called Silivri and is on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia corresponds to the modern Sozopol in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is Silivri on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia, in Bulgaria, and Selymbria is Silivri, on the Marmara coast.	Apollonia is Bulgaria, and Selymbria is now called Silivri and is on the Marmara coast.
4967	Im Juli 2017 war Nate DiMeo Thema einer Folge von „The Memory Palace” mit Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" starring Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	Nate Dimeo was the subject of an episode "the memory Palace "with Elmer Mccurdy.	Nate Dimeo was the subject of an episode of "the memory Palace "starring Elmer Mccurdy.
2680	Das Drehbuch wurde von Dhawans langjährigen Partner Anees Bazmee und Rumi Jaffery geschrieben.	The screenplay was written by Dhawan's longtime collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The screenplay was written by Dhawan's longtime partners Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The script was written by Dhawan's longtime collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	The by Dhawan's longtime collaborator Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.	Written by Dhawan's longtime partners Anees Bazmee and Rumi Jaffery.
1941	Navarro ist ein Partido in der Provinz Buenos Aires im Nordosten Argentiniens.	Navarro is a partido in the northeast of Argentina in Buenos Aires Province.	Navarro is a partido in the province of Buenos Aires in northeastern Argentina.	Navarro is a partido in the northeast of Argentina in the province of Buenos Aires.	Partido in the northeast of Argentina in Buenos Aires province.	Navarro in the province of Buenos Aires in northeastern Argentina.
2933	In anderen Artikeln spendet es den wirtschaftlichen Grundgedanken des Schuman-Plans Beifall und lobte die Erweiterung des europäischen Binnenmarktes.	In other articles, it applauded the economic ideas underlying the Schuman plan and praised the expansion of the common European market.	In other articles, it applauded the economic rationale behind the Schuman Plan and praised the enlargement of the European single market.	In other articles it praised the economic ideas underlying the Schuman Plan and applauded the expansion of the European Common Market.	In other articles, underlying the Schuman plan and praised the expansion of the common European market.	In other articles, behind the Schuman plan and praised the enlargement of the European single market.
2002	Der Azusa Campus der Azusa Pacific University liegt im San Gabriel Valley nordöstlich von Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa Campus is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University's Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.	The Azusa Campus at Azusa Pacific University is located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Pacific University located in San Gabriel Valley, northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa campus is located in the San Gabriel Valley northeast of Los Angeles.
6595	Zu dem Manga gibt es in Japan und Asien ein gleichnamiges Videospiel für den Sega Mega Drive.	The manga has a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	The manga has a video game of the same name for the Sega Mega Drive in Japan and Asia.	The manga has a video game for the Sega Mega Drive in Asia and Japan with the same name.	Video game for the Sega mega drive in Japan and Asia with the same name.	The game of the same name for the Sega mega drive in Japan and Asia.
7861	Feldgemüse und Wurzelpflanzen wurden im Allgemeinen nicht angebaut sondern wuchsen je nach Saison in freier Wildnis, wo sie geerntet wurden.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field vegetables and root crops were not generally cultivated but grew in the wild depending on the season where they were harvested.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and, when they were in the wilderness, grew seasonally.	Field greens and not cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field vegetables generally cultivated but grew in the wild depending on the season where they were harvested.
4067	Hierdurch wurde die Konfliktzone zwischen Rhode Island und der Provinz Massachusetts vergrößert.	This enlarged the area of conflict between Rhode Island and the Province of Massachusetts.	This enlarged the conflict zone between Rhode Island and the province of Massachusetts.	This widened the area of conflict between Rhode Island and the province of Massachusetts.	This of conflict between Rhode Island and the province of Massachusetts.	This enlarged between Rhode Island and the province of Massachusetts.
2293	Der vierte wurde durch den Rücktritt von Joseph Hemphill, dessen Nachfolge Thomas Kittera antrat, nach Mai 1826 verursacht.	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation after May 1826 of Joseph Hemphill, who was succeeded by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May 1826, which was filled in by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was in of Joseph Hemphill sometime after may, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	By the resignation after may 1826 of Joseph Hemphill, who was succeeded by Thomas Kittera.
765	Elachista menura ist eine Motte aus der Familie der Elachistidae die im Bergland und Küstengebiet von New South Wales und Queensland anzutreffen ist.	Elachista menura is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in the mountainous areas and coastal areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is a moth in the family Elachistidae found in upland and coastal New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista menura is a mother of the Elachistidae family, which is found in the coastal areas and mountainous areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Of the Elachistidae family that is found in the mountainous areas and Coastal areas of New South Wales and Queensland.	Elachista Menura is family Elachistidae found in upland and Coastal New South Wales and Queensland.
3321	Siebenberg beschrieb den Song als sein Lieblingslied auf dem Album ``, weil es so echt und persönlich ist.	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described the song as his favorite song on the album `` because it is so real and personal.	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so personal and so pure. ''	As his FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg his favorite song on the album "because it is so real and personal.
5066	Sarah heiratete Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765-1842) am 29. Juli 1791 in der St. Martin’s Church in Birmingham und bekam 8 Kinder.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765-1842) on July 29, 1791 at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	Sarah Lea married Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) on 29 July, 1791, at St Martin's Church, Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29 Thomas Wright Hill (1765--1842) at St. Martin's church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	Sarah married Lea Thomas on July 29, 1791 at St. Martin's church in Birmingham and had 8 children.
5526	Der Obstruent-Ablaut ist ein grammatischer Vorgang, der sich im Estnischen auf den Endkonsonant einer betonten Silbe auswirkt.	Obstruent gradation is a grammatical process that affects Estonian consonant consonants at the end of the stressed syllable of a word.	The obstruent ablaut is a grammatical process affecting the final consonant of a stressed syllable in Estonian.	Obstruent gradation is a grammatical process that affects the Estonian consonants at the end of the emphasized syllable of a word.	Obstruent Gradation that affects Estonian consonant consonants at the end of the stressed syllable of a word.	The Obstruent process affecting the final consonant of a stressed syllable in Estonian.
1461	Die Medaillen wurden von Barbara Kendall aus Neuseeland, Mitglied des Internationalen Olympischen Komitees, und Carlo Croce, Vorsitzender des Weltseglerverbandes World Sailing, verliehen.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall of New Zealand and World Sailing President Carlo Croce.	The medals were handed over by Carlo Croce, IOC - Member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, President of World Sailing.	By Barbara Kendall, Ioc member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, president of world sailing.	By International Olympic committee member Barbara Kendall of New Zealand and world sailing President Carlo Croce.
1242	Er war mit Elisabeth Young (1854 - 1932) verheiratet und Vater des Schiffsmagnaten Thomas Fearnley und des Landbesitzers N. O. Young Fearlney.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elizabeth Young (1854 - 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearlney.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He 1854--1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and Landowner N. O . young Fearnley.	He was married to) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and Landowner N. O . young Fearlney.
6348	In diesem ersten Jahr erhielt Larco Hoyle einige Ratschläge von seinem Onkel Victor Larco Herrera, einem Gründer eines gleichen Museums in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of a same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year from his uncle Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of a same museum in Lima.
813	de Ruiter, der in Leiden geboren wurde, spielte für den FC Utrecht, den FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, den RKC Waalwijk und den FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, the RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, performed for RKC Waalwijk, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, FC Utrecht and FC Emmen.	De Ruiter, who played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, the Rkc Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	De Ruiter Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, Rkc Waalwijk and FC Emmen.
6263	Armando Santiago (geboren am 18. Juni 1932) ist ein kanadischer Komponist, Dirigent, Musikpädagoge und Universitätsleiter portugiesischer Herkunft.	Armando Santiago (born 18 June 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator, and university administrator of Portuguese birth.	Armando Santiago (born June 18, 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator and university leader of Portuguese origin.	Armando Santiago (born June 18, 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator and university administrator of Portuguese descent.	Armando 1932) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator, and university administrator of Portuguese birth.	Armando Santiago () is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator and university leader of Portuguese origin.
1208	Die Kappenfarbe schwankt von Braun zu Gelb, häufig mit einem braunen Fleck auf der Kappe bei Reife.	The cap color varies from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at maturity.	Cap color varies from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at maturity.	The cap color varies from brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at ripeness.	The cap to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at maturity.	Brown to yellow, often with a brown spot on the cap at maturity.
1482	Eine dreifache Gottheit ist als neue religiöse Vorstellung für die moderne Wicca-Bewegung von zentraler Bedeutung.	A new religious idea of a triple goddess is central to Wicca's modern movement.	A triple deity is central to the modern Wiccan movement as a new religious concept.	A new religious idea of a Triple Goddess is central to the modern movement of Wicca.	A new a triple goddess is central to Wicca's modern movement.	A central to the modern Wiccan movement as a new religious concept.
748	Oaklin liegt im 6. Kongressbezirk und ist Teil des 1. staatlichen legislativen Bezirks in New Jersey.	Oaklyn is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of the 1st State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Oaklin is located in the 6th congressional district and is part of the 1st state legislative district in New Jersey.	Oaklyn is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey's 1st state legislative district.	Oaklyn is congressional district and is part of the 1ST state legislative district in New Jersey.	Oaklin 6th congressional district and is part of the 1ST state legislative district in New Jersey.
7769	Eine weitere Methode zur Eindämmung des Rotwildbestands ist die Kontrolle der Geburtenrate.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is to control the birth rate.	Another method of controlling deer numbers is to control the birth rate.	Another way to regulate the population of deer is to control the fertility rate.	Another the population of Deer is to control the birth rate.	Another deer numbers is to control the birth rate.
3742	Der velare Ejektiv ist eine Art konsonantischer Laut, der in manchen gesprochenen Sprachen verwendet wird. Das Zeichen dieses Klangs im internationalen phonetischen Alphabet ist .	The Velar - Ejective is a kind of consonantal sound that is used in some spoken languages The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet, which is this sound.	The velar ejective is a type of consonantal sound used in some spoken languages. The sign of this sound in the international phonetic alphabet is .	The velar ejective is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is.	The Velar - Ejective is is used in some spoken languages the symbol in the International phonetic alphabet, which is this sound.	The Velar Ejective is used in some spoken languages . The sign of this sound in the International phonetic alphabet is.
2086	Ein Phasenübergang von einem Ferromagneten zu einem Paramagneten ist kontinuierlich und zweiter Ordnung.	A phase transition from a ferromagnet to a paramagnet is continuous and is of second order.	A phase transition from a ferromagnet to a paramagnet is continuous and second order.	Phase transition from a ferromagnet to a paramagnet is continuous and has a second order.	A a Ferromagnet to a paramagnet is continuous and is of second order.	From a Ferromagnet to a paramagnet is continuous and second order.
4854	1781 beförderte der Gouverneur von Virginia, Thomas Jefferson, Clark zum Brigadegeneral und gab ihm das Kommando über die gesamte Miliz in den Bezirken Kentucky und Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all militia in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him the orders for all militias in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781 promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all militia in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.
505	Rainbach im Innkreis ist eine Gemeinde in Oberösterreich im Bezirk Schärding.	Rainbach im Innkreis is a municipality in the district of Upper Austria of the Austrian state of Schärding.	Rainbach im Innkreis is a municipality in Upper Austria in the district of Schärding.	Rainbach im Innkreis is a municipality in the district of Upper Austria in the Austrian state of Schärding.	A municipality in the District of upper Austria of the Austrian state of Schärding.	Is a municipality in upper Austria in the District of Schärding.
1498	Peter DuConge (1903–1967) war ein früher Jazz-Saxophonist, der in der amerikanischen  Jazz-Szene von New Orleans aktiv war.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903–1967) was an early jazz saxophonist active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American jazz scene in New Orleans.	Peter) was an early jazz Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter Duconge an early jazz saxophonist active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.
3471	1937 zog Gerald Heard mit seiner Frau Maria, seinem Sohn Huxley und seinem Freund Matthew Huxley nach Hollywood.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, his son Huxley and his friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.
6948	Andrew McLennan, geboren als Andrew Snoid, ist ein neuseeländischer Musiker, Sänger und Songwriter.	Andrew McLennan born Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan, born Andrew Snoid, is a New Zealand musician, singer and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, songwriter and singer.	Andrew Mclennan is a new Zealand musician, singer, and Songwriter.	Andrew Andrew Snoid, is a new Zealand musician, Singer and Songwriter.
3963	Der Machpelah Cemetery, auch in der Schreibweise „Macpelah Cemetery“ oder „Pacphelah Cemetery“ ist ein Friedhof im Hudson County, New Jersey.	The Machpelah Cemetery, also written as ''Macpelah Cemetery ``or'' Macphelah Cemetery``, is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	Machpelah Cemetery, also spelled Macpelah Cemetery or Pacphelah Cemetery, is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	The Machpelah Cemetery, also spelled as ``Macpelah Cemetery '', or`` Macphelah Cemetery'', is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	The Machpelah cemetery Macpelah cemetery "or "Macphelah cemetery ", is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.	Machpelah cemetery cemetery or Pacphelah cemetery, is a cemetery in Hudson County, New Jersey.
7855	Die Figur und Besetzung wurden am 20. November veröffentlicht, als Fotiou mit einem Video hinter den Kulissen veröffentlicht wurde, das von den „Neighbours“ auf ihrem YouTube-Kanal gesehen wurde.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was published behind the scenes in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast were released on November 20, when Fotiou was released with a behind-the-scenes video seen by the "Neighbors" on their YouTube channel.	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and, when Fotiou was published behind the scenes in a Video seen by the "neighbours "on their Youtube Channel.	The character and cast were Fotiou was released with a Behind-The-Scenes Video seen by the "neighbors "on their Youtube Channel.
7866	Siebenberg nannte ihn seinen Lieblingssong auf dem Album „denn er ist so rein und so persönlich.”	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg called it his favorite song on the album "because it's so pure and so personal."	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so personal and so pure.	As his FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Favorite song on the album "because it's so pure and so personal . "
6196	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo ist ein ehemaliger Senator von Nigeria. Er wurde State Governor und später Kopf der Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former Senator of Nigeria, who became a state governor, and later was head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former Senator from Nigeria. He became state governor and later head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is a former senator of Nigeria, who was governor and later became head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo, who became a state governor, and later was head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of communications.	Cornelius Olatunji Adebayo is . He became state governor and later head of the Nigerian Federal Ministry of communications.
2164	Die größte Moschee im Stadtzentrum von Atlanta, Al Farooq Masjid, ist an der 14. Straße gelegen.	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid of Midtown Atlanta, is located on the 14th road in Atlanta.	The largest mosque in downtown Atlanta, Al Farooq Masjid is located on 14th Street.	The largest mosque, Al Farooq Masjid of Midtown Atlanta, is located on 14th Street in Atlanta.	The Farooq Masjid of Midtown Atlanta, is located on the 14th road in Atlanta.	In downtown Atlanta, Al Farooq Masjid is located on 14th street.
7345	Atoka liegt östlich des McGee Creek Lake, westlich von Antlers und nördlich von Farris in Oklahoma.	Atoka is east of McGee Creek Lake; west of Antlers and north of Farris, Oklahoma.	Atoka is located east of McGee Creek Lake, west of Antlers and north of Farris in Oklahoma.	Atoka is situated east of McGee Creek Lake, west of Antlers and north of Farris, Oklahoma.	Mcgee Creek Lake; West of Antlers and North of Farris, Oklahoma.	Of McGee Creek Lake, West of Antlers and North of Farris in Oklahoma.
3954	Es wurde gekapert, nachdem New Orleans gesunken war, und 1868 als Alteisen verkauft.	It was captured after New Orleans was sunk and was sold for scrap metal in 1868.	It was hijacked after New Orleans sank and sold for scrap in 1868.	It was captured after New Orleans was scuttled and in 1868 was sold for scrap.	It was Orleans was sunk and was sold for scrap metal in 1868.	It New Orleans sank and sold for scrap in 1868.
1247	Der Track „Astrud“' auf dem Album „Time and Tide“ von Basia Trzetrzelewska aus dem Jahr 1987 ist ein Tribut an Gilberto .	The ``Astrud ''track on Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album,`` Time and Tide'', is a tribute to Gilberto.	The track 'Astrud' on Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album Time and Tide is a tribute to Gilberto.	The ``Astrud ''track on Basia Trzetrzelewska's album`` Time and Tide'' of 1987 is a tribute to Gilberto.	The Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album, "time and tide ", is a tribute to Gilberto.	On Basia Trzetrzelewska's 1987 album time and tide is a tribute to Gilberto.
7777	Soulié de Morant arbeitete mehrere Jahre im französischen diplomatischen Korps in China, wo er als französischer Konsul in mehreren chinesischen Städten diente.	Soulié de Morant worked several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant worked for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant served for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he worked as a French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de the French diplomatic Corps in China, where he served as French Consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de in the French diplomatic Corps in China, where he served as French Consul in several Chinese cities.
1100	Die Tracks wurden von Tommy Lee produziert; Michael Beinhorn spielt Schlagzeug.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee; Michael Beinhorn plays drums.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee and by Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The by Tommy Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	Produced by Tommy Lee; Michael Beinhorn plays drums.
4262	Roy trat 1963 der Kommunistischen Partei Indiens bei und leitete Gewerkschaftsbewegungen im Gebiet Kalkutta von Bansdroni.	Roy joined in Communist Party of India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	Roy joined the Indian Communist Party in 1963 and led trade union movements in the Calcutta area of ​​Bansdroni.	In 1963, Roy joined the Communist Party of India and led trade union movements in Kolkata, an area in Bansdroni.	Roy joined India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	Roy joined in 1963 and led trade union movements in the Calcutta area of ​​Bansdroni.
729	Scherer war Investor beim Thunderbird Hotel, beim Las Vegas Club und beim Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was investor at the Thunderbird Hotel, at the Las Vegas Club and in the Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was an investor in Thunderbird Hotel, Las Vegas Club and Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was an investor in the Thunderbird Hotel, the Las Vegas Club and the Sahara Hotel.	Scherer was hotel, at the Las Vegas Club and in the Sahara hotel.	Scherer was Thunderbird hotel, Las Vegas Club and Sahara hotel.
7031	Der amerikanische Pionier John Sutter (1803-1880) erreichte gemeinsam mit weiteren europäisch-schweizerischen Siedlern im August 1839 Alta California.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) reached Alta California in August 1839 together with other European-Swiss settlers.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in August 1839 together with other euros - Swiss settlers in Alta California.	The (1803--1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	Sutter (1803-1880) reached Alta California in August 1839 together with other European-Swiss settlers.
2149	Sir Thomas Dutton (1. August 1421 – 23. September 1459) war ein mittelalterlicher Ritter aus England. Er war der Sohn von Sir John Dutton und Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 – 23 September 1459) was a medieval knight from England. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 - September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight who was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight . He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1459) was a medieval Knight from England . He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret savage
293	Die Arten gehören verschiedenen ökologischen Gruppen an, darunter tropische Sträucher, Lianen und Bäume, xerophytische Pflanzen, Mykoheterotrophen sowie verschiedene pflanzliche Vertreter.	The species are members of various ecological groups, including tropical shrubs, lianas and trees, xerophytic plants, mycoheterotrophs, as well as different herbaceous representatives.	The species belong to different ecological groups, including tropical shrubs, lianas and trees, xerophytic plants, mycoheterotrophs and various plant representatives.	The species are members of different ecological groups, including tropical shrubs, lianas and trees, xerophytic plants, mycoheterotrophic as well as various herbal representatives.	The species are members tropical shrubs, Lianas and trees, Xerophytic plants, Mycoheterotrophs, as well as different Herbaceous representatives.	Ecological groups, including tropical shrubs, Lianas and trees, Xerophytic plants, Mycoheterotrophs and various plant representatives.
3148	Im ersten Film musste Graf Dracula einen Streit zwischen ihnen und Murray, Wayne und Frank beenden, bei dem es um den Unterhaltszwist ging.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up an argument between them and Murray, Wayne, and Frank over an alimony dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a fight between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first to break up an argument between them and Murray, Wayne, and Frank over an alimony dispute.
4076	Nicole Pratt besiegte Kristin Godridge  6 - 4, 6 - 3	Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3	Nicole Pratt def. Kristin Godridge 6 - 4, 6 - 3	Nicole Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 - 3	Defeated Kristin Godridge 6--4, 6--3	Nicole Pratt Godridge 6 - 4, 6 - 3
6631	Der Sender wurde in Schweden, Südfinnland und Teilen Osteuropas gehört.	The station was heard in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of eastern Europe.	The station was heard in Sweden, southern Finland and parts of Eastern Europe.	The station was heard in Sweden, in southern Finland and parts of Eastern Europe.	The in Sweden, Southern Finland and parts of Eastern Europe.	The in Sweden, Southern Finland and parts of Eastern Europe.
2538	Das Resort verfügt über 7 rote Pisten, 3 blaue Pisten, 2 schwarze Pisten und eine grüne Piste.	The resort has 7 red pistes, 3 blue pistes, 2 black pistes and one green piste.	The resort has 7 red runs, 3 blue runs, 2 black runs and 1 green run.	The resort has 7 red, 3 blue, 2 black and one green pistes.	The Pistes, 3 blue Pistes, 2 black Pistes and one green Piste.	The resort, 3 blue runs, 2 black runs and 1 green run.
6773	Bedingung 1 impliziert, dass die Funktionen fehlerfrei und global definiert sind, und Bedingung 2 bedeutet, dass die kinetische Energie der Lösung global beschränkt ist.	Condition 1 implies that the functions are smooth and globally defined, and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally limited.	Condition 1 implies that the functions are well defined and globally defined, and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally bounded.	Condition 1 implies that the functions are smooth and globally defined and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally bounded.	Functions are smooth and globally defined, and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally limited.	Condition 1 implies that globally defined, and condition 2 means that the kinetic energy of the solution is globally bounded.
7563	Im Film spielen Jembie Almazan als Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz als David und Jonathan Diaz Angulo als Maria.	The film plays Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film plays, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.
2125	Er spendete auch 34.000 US Dollar an Ted Cruz und 7.000 US Dollar an Mitt Romney für seine Präsidentschaftskampagne im Jahr 2016.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Romney for his presidential campaign in 2016.	He also donated US $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also Ted Cruz and us $7,000 to MITT Romney, including his 2016 Presidential campaign.	34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to MITT Romney for his Presidential campaign in 2016.
5415	Die Insel ist felsig mit steilen Hängen und verfügt über wenig Erdboden.	The island is rocky with steep sides and has very little soil.	The island is rocky with steep slopes and little soil.	The island is rocky with steep sides and has little soil.	The Island steep sides and has very little soil.	Is rocky with steep slopes and little soil.
6449	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), ein weiterer Student der Hollywood Arts, fällt in den Whirlpool, als eine Surfmaschine ausfällt.	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the jacuzzi, when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another Hollywood Arts student, falls into the hot tub when a surfing machine breaks down.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Michael Eric Reid (another student at Hollywood arts, falls into the Jacuzzi, when a Surfing machine Malfunctions.	Michael Cleef), another Hollywood arts student, falls into the hot tub when a Surfing machine breaks down.
3944	Andy sieht Robert und Katie zusammen und erzählt es Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.	Andy and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.
6591	Die Station wurde 1947 von der British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey als Station F oder Winter Island auf den argentinischen Inseln eingerichtet.	The station was furnished in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or ``Winter Island ''on the Argentine islands.	The station was established in 1947 by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F or Winter Island in the Argentine Islands.	The station was established by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey as Station F, or ``Winter Island '', on Argentine Islands in 1947.	The station was furnished Falkland Islands Dependencies survey as station f or "winter Island "on the Argentine Islands.	The by the British Falkland Islands Dependencies survey as station f or winter Island in the Argentine Islands.
2239	Er lebt in Maribor und Ljubljana, Slowenien, und arbeitet hauptsächlich in Slowenien und Kroatien.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and works mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs in Slovenia and Croatia.	He and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and works mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.
3137	Der Audi V8 trat bei der DTM gegen den viel kleineren Mercedes 190, den BMW M3 und den etwas leichteren Opel Omega 3000 an.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed in the DTM against the much smaller Mercedes 190, the BMW M3 and the slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed during its presence in the DTM with much smaller and roughly smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at much smaller and about smaller Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.	The Dtm against the much smaller Mercedes 190, the BMW M3 and the slightly lighter Opel Omega 3000.
7628	In den Blättern liegen die Leitbündel im schaumartigen Mesophyll.	In leaves, the vascular bundles are located among the spongy mesophyll.	In the leaves, the vascular bundles are located in the foamy mesophyll.	The vascular bundles between the spongy mesophyll are located in leaves.	The vascular bundles are located among the spongy Mesophyll.	In the vascular bundles are located in the foamy Mesophyll.
156	Mohammed Shafiq (Varianten: Mohammed, Muhammed, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) kann sich beziehen auf	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can refer to	Mohammed Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammed, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Mohammad, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can refer to	Mohammed Shafiq (, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to
7178	„Acoustic and Live : Pure“  wurde Anfang 2003 veröffentlicht.	``Acoustic and Live: Pure ''was released in early 2003.	Acoustic and Live: Pure was released in early 2003.	``Acoustic and Live: Pure ''was released early in 2003.	Live: pure "was released in early 2003.	Acoustic: pure was released in early 2003.
6068	Nach Angaben des United States Census Bureaus hat die Stadt eine Gesamtfläche von, von denen Land und/oder 33,45 % Wasser sind.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of, of which is land and, or 33.45%, is water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of ​​, of which 33.45% is land and/or water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the city is a total surface area of which has land and or 33.45%, is water.	According to the town has a total area of, of which is land and, or 33.45%, is water.	According Bureau, the city has a total area of ​​, of which 33.45% is land and/or water.
4656	Zu den prominentesten Frauen von Suriname zählen Jennifer Simons , Marijke Djwalapersad , Elisabeth Samson , Cynthia McLeod und Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the most prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	The most prominent women of Suriname include Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, Marijke Djwalapersad, Jennifer Simons, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth SAMSON, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	The most include Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth SAMSON, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.
2999	Ein Khap ist ein Clan oder eine Gruppe verwandter Clans, hauptsächlich die Jats im östlichen Teil Uttar Pradeshs und im westlichen Teil Haryanas.	A Khap is a clan, or a group of related clans, mainly among the Jats of eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.	A khap is a clan or group of related clans, mainly the Jats of eastern Uttar Pradesh and western Haryana.	A A Khap is a clan or group of related clans, mainly under the jats of the eastern Uttar Pradesh and Western Haryana.	A Khap is a of related Clans, mainly among the Jats of Eastern Uttar Pradesh and Western Haryana.	A or group of related Clans, mainly the Jats of Eastern Uttar Pradesh and Western Haryana.
7910	„Lupinus bicolor“ hat einen dünnen Stiel und kurze, pelzige, handförmig zusammengesetzte Blätter.	``Lupinus bicolor ''has a thin stem and short, hairy, palmately-arranged leaves.	'Lupinus bicolor' has a thin stem and short, furry, palmately compound leaves.	``Lupinus bicolor ''has a thin stem and short, hairy, palm-like leaves.	"has a thin stem and short, hairy, Palmately-Arranged leaves.	'Lupinus a thin stem and short, Furry, Palmately compound leaves.
94	Unter ihnen sind Marie Teresa Rios, eine Komponistin von Boleros, Julita Ross, Autorin, und Sylvia Rexach, eine Sängerin.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.
2217	Hugh L. Scott hatte Lieutenant Carpenter eigens ausgewählt um  Truppe L (bestehend aus Kiowa-, Comanche- und Apache-Indianern) für die 7. Kavallerie zu organisieren und zu kommandieren.	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott had specially selected Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (consisting of Kiowa, Comanche and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (consisting of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache - Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. organize and command troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott had and command troop L (consisting of Kiowa, Comanche and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.
3863	In den 1870er-Jahren war man sich nicht einig bei dem Begriff Sitomanie und ersetzte die Störung durch „Anorexia nervosa”.	Sitomania and 1870s differed with the term ``Anorexia nervosa ''and replaced the disorder.	In the 1870s there was disagreement about the term sitomania and the disorder was replaced by "anorexia nervosa".	and 1870s distinguished sitomania with the term ``anorexia nervosa ''and replaced the disorder.	Sitomania and the term "anorexia Nervosa "and replaced the disorder.	Was disagreement about the term Sitomania and the disorder was replaced by "anorexia Nervosa ".
3999	Das Internationale Phonetische Alphabet besteht aus 500 zusätzlichen, 300 Basis-, und 200 ergänzenden Zeichen.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 supplementary, 300 ground and 200 complementary symbols.	The International Phonetic Alphabet consists of 500 additional, 300 basic, and 200 supplementary characters.	The ``IPA ''consists of 500 complementary, 300 basic and 200 supplementary symbols.	"consists of 500 supplementary, 300 ground and 200 complementary symbols.	The International of 500 additional, 300 basic, and 200 supplementary characters.
6284	Eine Analyse, in der Millionen von RSA-Public-Keys aus dem Internet gesammelt wurden, wurde 2012 von Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung und Wachter angekündigt.	An analysis comparing millions of RSA public keys gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis collecting millions of RSA public keys from around the internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis of millions of public RSA keys from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.	An analysis gathered from the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung, and Wachter.	An analysis from around the Internet was announced in 2012 by Augier, Hughes, Lenstra, Bos, Kleinjung and Wachter.
6167	Michael Jackson, Prince und Madonna hatten jedoch Einfluss auf das Album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were influential on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince, and Madonna were influences on the album.	Michael Jackson Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Prince and Madonna were influential on the album.
7811	Die Anzahl der gemeldeten Brände betrug Anfang Februar 73, wobei 26 außer Kontrolle geraten waren und die zu erwartende Zeit, bis diese unter Kontrolle waren, einen weiteren Monat betrug.	The number of reported fires at the beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	The number of fires reported in early February was 73, with 26 out of control and the expected time for these to be under control was another month.	The number of reported fires in early February was out of control at 73 with 26 and expected time to control another month of fire.	The beginning of February was 73 with 26 out of control and expected time to control in order to be another month of fires.	Early February was 73, with 26 out of control and the expected time for these to be under control was another month.
1320	Im August 2017 wurde das Team durch Aluri Chakrapani erweitert, der die Rolle des Produzenten Prakash Raj spielt.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj as well.	In August 2017, the team was joined by Aluri Chakrapani, who plays the role of producer Prakash Raj.	Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team in August 2017, to allegedly play the role of producer Prakash Raj.	Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj as well.	In August was joined by Aluri Chakrapani, who plays the role of producer Prakash Raj.
5407	Im Mai erschien Spencer McLaren als „Kieran Fletcher“, in den sich der bereits bestehende Charakter „Sally Fletcher“  (Kate Ritchie) verliebt.	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for the established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren was released as "Kieran Fletcher," whom existing character "Sally Fletcher" (Kate Ritchie) falls in love with.	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	Arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for the established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In as "Kieran Fletcher, "whom existing character "Sally Fletcher "(Kate Ritchie) FALLS in love with.
6048	Er machte Aufnahmen mit Billy Eckstines Band und spielte 1946 bei der Lionel Hampton Band.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played with the Lionel Hampton Band in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	He recorded's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	He Eckstine's band and played with the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.
393	Wenn die Dorfbewohner ein Poon-Choi-Fest nicht akzeptieren, bedeutet dies beispielsweise, dass ein Dorf eine bestimmte Hochzeit nicht gutheißt.	If villagers do not accept a poon - choi - feast, this means, for example, that a village does not approve or hold a particular marriage.	For example, if the villagers do not accept a poon choi festival, it means that a village does not approve of a particular marriage.	If villagers do not accept a Poon choi feast, it means, for example, that a village does not approve of or hold a particular marriage.	If - Choi - feast, this means, for example, that a village does not approve or hold a particular marriage.	For example, if a Poon Choi Festival, it means that a village does not approve of a particular marriage.
6303	Der erste Lehrgang zum Signaloffizier war 1951 und der 86. und 87. Lehrgang sind die aktuelle Rennstrecke.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current race course.	The first course to become a signals officer was in 1951 and the 86th and 87th courses are the current circuit.	The first Foreman of Signals course was in 1951 and the current courses are the 86th and 87th running of the track.	The first was in 1951 and the 86Th and 87th courses are the current race course.	The first course officer was in 1951 and the 86Th and 87th courses are the current circuit.
7219	Williams Williams, bekannt als Llewelyn Williams (10. März 1867 bis 22. April 1922) war ein radikaler Journalist, Anwalt und Politiker der Welsh Liberal Party.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh Liberal Party.	Williams Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922) was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	(March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh liberal party.	Williams Williams, March 1867 – 22 April 1922) was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.
6560	Llyn Dinas ist ein See in der Nähe von Beddgelert, Gwynedd im Norden von Wales. Er entstand durch den Fluss Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is a lake near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in north Wales. It is formed by the River Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is a loch near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in North Wales. It was formed by the Glaslyn River.	Llyn Dinas is a lake near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in North Wales, and is formed by the river Glaslyn.	Llyn Dinas is, Gwynedd in North Wales . It is formed by the river Glaslyn.	Loch near Beddgelert, Gwynedd in North Wales . It was formed by the Glaslyn River.
5116	Obwohl das Dorf Friendship Heights keine verzeichnete Gemeinde ist, bekam es 1914 den Status eines speziellen Steuerbezirks.	Although the Village of Friendship Heights is not an established municipality, it was established in 1914 as a special tax district.	Although the village of Friendship Heights is not a registered community, it was granted Special Tax District status in 1914.	Although not an established municipality, the Village of Friendship Heights was incorporated as a Special Tax District in 1914.	Heights is not an established municipality, it was established in 1914 as a special tax district.	Although the village not a registered community, it was granted special tax district status in 1914.
2977	„Trust in Me“ ist ein Song, der von Ned Wever, Milton Ager und Jean Schwartz geschrieben wurde.	``Trust in Me ''is a song that was written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	"Trust in Me" is a song written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	``Trust in Me ''is a song by Jean Schwartz, Milton Ager and Ned Wever written.	"trust a song that was written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	"is a song written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.
7801	Die UIF entstand 2008 durch die Fusionierung der Indoor Football League (IFL) und der United Intense Football League.	The UIF was formed in 2008 by a fusion between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.	The UIF was formed in 2008 through the merger of the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football League.	The UIF was formed in 2008 through a merger between the Indoor Football League (IFL) and the United Intense Football league.	The Uif a fusion between the indoor football League (Ifl) and the United intense football League.	The through the merger of the indoor football League (Ifl) and the United intense football League.
1726	Der Film erhielt negative Kritiken, aber nachdem er auf VHS und DVD herauskam, wurde er ein beliebter Kultfilm mit wohlwollenden Kommentaren auf Amazon und IMDB.	The film received negative reviews, but after release on VHS and DVD, it became a cult favorite with favorable comments on Amazon and IMDB.	The film received negative reviews, but after being released on VHS and DVD, it became a popular cult film with favorable reviews on Amazon and IMDB.	The film received negative reviews, but after the release on VHS and DVD, he became a cult favorite with favorable comments on Amazon and IMDB.	The film received release on Vhs and Dvd, it became a cult favorite with favorable comments on Amazon and Imdb.	The film received negative reviews Vhs and Dvd, it became a popular cult film with favorable reviews on Amazon and Imdb.
3802	Frank James schloss sich einer sezessionistischen Kompanie an, die für die örtliche Drew Lobbs Army rekrutiert worden war, und kämpfte im August 1861 in der Schlacht von Wilson Creek.	Frank James joined a secessionist company recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company recruited into the local Drew Lobbs Army and fought at the Battle of Wilson Creek in August 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company, recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army and fought in the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James for the local drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Company recruited into the local drew Lobbs Army and fought at the battle of Wilson Creek in August 1861.
4694	Er erschien erstmals am 5. März 2010 und letztmals am 14. Mai 2010.	He first appeared on 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 May 2010.	It was first published on March 5, 2010 and last on May 14, 2010.	He appeared on March 5, 2010 and last on May 14, 2010.	On 5 March 2010 and last appeared on 14 may 2010.	Published on March 5, 2010 and last on May 14, 2010.
4290	Viele der Dämonen in Salomons Begegnungen stammen aus griechischen, ägyptischen, jüdischen, christlichen, arabischen und anderen Traditionen.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons in Encounters of Solomon are drawn from Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of the demons in Solomon's encounters are Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Many of encounters are of Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.	Encounters of Solomon are drawn from Greek, Egyptian, Jewish, Christian, Arabic, and other traditions.
5285	Tarang P. Amin wurde durch Joey Shamah ersetzt, der zum Präsidenten, Geschäftsführer und Direktor von E.I.f. ernannt wurde.	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Joey Shamah, who has been appointed as president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Joey Shamah, who became President, CEO and Director of E.I.f. was appointed.	Tarang P. Amin has been replaced by Joey Shamah, who is President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Shamah, who has been appointed as President, chief executive officer and director of E.L.F.	Tarang P. Joey Shamah, who became President, Ceo and director of E.I.F . was appointed.
483	Beide Töchter starben vor ihm, 1976 in Tosca und 1981 in Janear.	Both daughters died before he did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	Both daughters died before him, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear in 1981.	Both daughters died before he did, Tosca in 1976 and Janear in 1981.	Both daughters did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	Both daughters, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear in 1981.
609	Für die konventionelle Kriegsführung wurden drei Brigaden (11 Bataillone) aufgestellt, es wurde eine große Guerilla-Truppe (auf 100.000 geschätzt) ausgebildet.	For conventional warfare, three brigades (11 battalions) were set up, a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained.	Three brigades (11 battalions) were set up for conventional warfare and a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained.	Three brigades (11 Battalions) were raised for conventional warfare; a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained.	For conventional 11 battalions) were set up, a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained.	) were set up for conventional warfare and a large guerrilla force (estimated at 100,000) was trained.
3406	Es gibt eine Insel in der Cornelius Grinnell Bay vor der Baffininsel.	There is a Cornelius Grinnell bay offshore island, located in Baffin Island.	There is an island in Cornelius Grinnell Bay off Baffin Island.	It is a Cornelius Grinnell Bay offshore island located in Baffin Island.	There is Bay offshore Island, located in Baffin Island.	An Island in Cornelius Grinnell Bay off Baffin Island.
3610	Später, während des Angriffs auf Andrew, Graf von Angoulême, war Richard die Truppe von Adhemar.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Richard would be Adhemar's troops.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Richard was Adhemar's force.	Later, Richard would be Adhemar's forces during the attack on Andrew, count of Angoulême.	Later on Andrew, count of Angoulême, Richard would be Adhemar's troops.	Later, Andrew, count of Angoulême, Richard was Adhemar's force.
796	Es wurden die wichtigsten Kunst schaffenden Gemeinschaften diskutiert und die Arbeit von 23 der bekanntesten Künstler dargestellt.	It discussed the most important art producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the best known artists.	The main art-making communities were discussed and the work of 23 of the most well-known artists was presented.	It discussed the major art producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the best known artists.	Important art producing communities and illustrated the work of 23 of the best known artists.	The main Art-Making the work of 23 of the most well-known artists was presented.
6147	Strozzi begann nach einer medizinischen Behandlung, auf Empfehlung von Dimitrija Demeter, Schauspielunterricht bei Josip Freudenreich zu nehmen.	After medical treatment, Strozzi started taking private acting lessons from Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	After medical treatment, Strozzi began taking acting lessons with Josip Freudenreich on the recommendation of Dimitrija Demeter.	After medical treatment, Strozzi started private acting lessons with Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	After medical treatment private acting lessons from Josip Freudenreich, as recommended by Dimitrija Demeter.	After medical taking acting lessons with Josip Freudenreich on the recommendation of Dimitrija Demeter.
7139	Der erste Abschnitt, von Hokitika bis Ruatapu, wurde am 9. November 1906 fertiggestellt, und am 1. April 1909 wurde die komplette Strecke auf Ross eröffnet.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and the full line to Ross was opened on 1 April 1909.	The first section, completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The Ruatapu, was completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.
5743	Die Meisterschaft fand zwischen dem 21. und dem 28. Januar 2007 in der Spokane Arena und dem Spokane Convention Center in Spokane, Washington, statt.	The 2007 championship took place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The championship took place between January 21 and January 28, 2007 at the Spokane Arena and Spokane Convention Center in Spokane, Washington.	The 2007 Championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington in the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane arena and the Spokane convention center.	The championship and January 28, 2007 at the Spokane arena and Spokane convention center in Spokane, Washington.
4025	Es war das 6. Event des Turniers und der dritte Stop der IRB Sevens World Series von 2013/2014.	It was the sixth issue of the tournament and the third stop of the 2013 -- 14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It was the 6th event of the tournament and the third stop of the 2013/2014 IRB Sevens World Series.	It was the sixth edition of the tournament and the third stop of the 2013 -- 14 IRB Sevens World Series.	It was the tournament and the third stop of the 2013--14 Irb Sevens world series.	It was the tournament and the third stop of the 2013/2014 Irb Sevens world series.
1520	Towanda Creek ist im südwestlichen Teil von Bradford County (41.655805-76.850706) in Canton Valley gelegen.	Towanda Creek is located in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the canton valley.	Towanda Creek is located in southwest Bradford County (41.655805-76.850706) in the Canton Valley.	Towanda Creek is located in southwestern Bradford County at (41.655805, -76.850706), in the valley of Canton.	In the Southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the Canton valley.	Towanda in Southwest Bradford County (41.655805-76.850706) in the Canton valley.
3409	Über sie wurde gesagt, dass sie großes Potential und Talent habe und sich in Zukunft zu einer einzigartigen musikalischen Persönlichkeit entwickeln würde.	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She was said to have great potential and talent and would develop into a unique musical personality in the future.	She was observed as ``has a very great potential and a huge talent and will grow to an unique musical personality in future ''.	She was very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She great potential and talent and would develop into a unique musical personality in the future.
5512	Brenda Schultz besiegte Irina Spîrlea 6:4, 1:6, 7:6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6-4, 1-6, 7-6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea with 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz 6--4, 1--6, 7--6.	Defeated Irina Spîrlea 6-4, 1-6, 7-6.
781	Am 21. Juni 2016 ersetzte Debbie Matenopoulos Cristina Ferrare als neuen Cohost.	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as the new cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new cohost.	2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as the new Cohost.
6820	Er spielte zu Beginn seiner Karriere in Schottland, zog jedoch nach Australien, um in der Victorian State League für Frankston City zu spielen.	He played in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian State League for Frankston City.	He played in Scotland early in his career but moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian State League.	He played in Scotland early in his career but moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian State League.	He played in, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian state League for Frankston city.	He played in but moved to Australia to play for Frankston city in the Victorian state League.
7021	Erzbischof Seóighe wurde am 16. Mai 1485 geweiht und 1487 ernannt, er starb am 20. oder 28. Dezember 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was consecrated on 16 May 1485 and appointed in 1487, died on 20 or 28 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was consecrated on May 16, 1485 and appointed in 1487, he died on December 20 or 28, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was consecrated on 16 May 1485 and appointed in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 28 December 1501.	On 16 may 1485 and appointed in 1487, died on 20 or 28 December 1501.	Archbishop 16, 1485 and appointed in 1487, he died on December 20 or 28, 1501.
6015	Northamptonshire war ein Bezirkswahlkreis in North Northamptonshire, vertreten im House of Commons des britischen Parlaments.	Northamptonshire was a county constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented at the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament.	Northamptonshire was a district constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented in the House of Commons of the British Parliament.	Northamptonshire was a county constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Constituency in North Northamptonshire, represented at the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament.	Northamptonshire was North Northamptonshire, represented in the House of Commons of the British Parliament.
4763	Das spanische Florida wurde von ein paar hundert spanischen Soldaten verteidigt, und die übliche Strategie war, die Indianergebiete zu befrieden und nicht mit Waffen zu beliefern.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish soldiers, and the usual strategy was to pacify the Indian territories rather than supply them with arms.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops; regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish hundred Spanish soldiers, and the usual strategy was to pacify the Indian territories rather than supply them with arms.
2202	Die Meisterschaft 2007 fand zwischen dem 21. und dem 28. Januar in Spokane, Washington, im Spokane Convention Center und der Spokane Arena statt.	The 2007 championships took place between January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington, at the Spokane Convention Center and the Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship was held in Spokane, Washington between January 21 and 28 at the Spokane Convention Center and Spokane Arena.	The 2007 championship took place between 21 and 28 January in Spokane, Washington, in the Spokane Arena and the Spokane Convention Center.	The January 21 and 28 in Spokane, Washington, at the Spokane convention center and the Spokane arena.	The 2007 championship Washington between January 21 and 28 at the Spokane convention center and Spokane arena.
5792	Nach dem Krieg spielte er für die Royal Navy in den Jahren 1948 und 1949 zweimal gegen die Army, sowie 1949 einmal gegen die Cambridge University.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war he played for the Royal Navy twice against the Army in 1948 and 1949 and once against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the army, in 1948 and in 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	Played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the Royal Navy twice against the Army in 1948 and 1949 and once against Cambridge University in 1949.
5653	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (auch bekannt als Mohammed Akhundzada) ist ein Stammesführer, der 2001 bis 2005 Gouverneur von Helmand in Afghanistan war.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal chief who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada Akhundzada) is a tribal chief who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.
4258	Nach seiner Abreise aus Belgien verpflichtete er sich für drei Jahre bei Bristol City in Australien, musste aber aufgrund von Visa-Problemen nach England zurückkehren.	After leaving Belgium, he signed for three years with Bristol City in Australia, but had to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium he signed for Bristol City in Australia for three years but was forced to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium he signed with Bristol City for three years in Australia but had to return to England due to work visa issues.	Signed for three years with Bristol city in Australia, but had to return to England due to Visa problems.	After leaving Belgium he Australia for three years but was forced to return to England due to Visa problems.
2572	Eine Figur in Armstrongs Kriminalroman „Detection Unlimited” wird mit Georgette Heyer verglichen.	A character in ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character in Armstrong's crime novel "Detection Unlimited" is compared to Georgette Heyer.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, a character is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A unlimited ", a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A's crime novel "detection unlimited "is compared to Georgette Heyer.
