5559	ACVM hat seinen Hauptsitz in Glasgow und unterhält Niederlassungen in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester und Milton Keynes.	ACVM is based in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is headquartered in Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is located in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Milton Keynes.	ACVM is based in Glasgow and has offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Dustin Keynes.	ACVM is headquartered in Glasgow with offices in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester and Logan Keynes.
1683	Adam Surat („Inner Strength“) ist ein Dokumentarfilm von Tareque Masud aus dem Jahr 1989 über den Maler Sheikh Mohammed Sultan aus Bangladesch.	Adam Surat (``Inner Strength '') is a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat ("Inner Strength") is a 1989 documentary film directed by Tareque Masud about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat (``The Inner Strength '') is a 1989 Bangladeshi documentary film about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan, directed by Tareque Masud.	Dylan Surat (``Inner Strength '') is a documentary film directed by Tareque Masud in 1989 about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Sultan.	Adam Surat ("Inner Strength") is a 1989 documentary film directed by Tareque Masud about the Bangladeshi painter Sheikh Mohammed Shawn.
4483	Die Grundzüge der Systemtheorien wurden in „Seasonal Variation of Eskimo“ von Julian Steward dargelegt und später im Buch von Marcel Mauss wieder aufgegriffen.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward's ''Seasonal Variation of Eskimo ``, which was later repeated in Marcel Mauss' work.	The basics of the systems theories were presented in Julian Steward's "Seasonal Variation of Eskimo" and later taken up again in the book by Marcel Mauss.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Julian Steward ``Seasonal Variation of Eskimo '', echoed later in Marcel Mauss's work.	The rudiments of the system theories can be seen in Samuel Steward's ''Seasonal Variation of Eskimo ``, which was later repeated in Marcel Mauss' work.	The basics of the systems theories were presented in Charles Steward's "Seasonal Variation of Eskimo" and later taken up again in the book by Marcel Mauss.
4809	2012 spielte Gil als Jennifer la Pena im TV-Remake des Films „Mundo Man ay Magunaw“ von Salvador Royales mit.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films ''Mundo Man ay Magunaw ``as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil starred as Jennifer la Pena in the TV remake of the Salvador Royales film Mundo Man ay Magunaw.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV remake of the Salvador Royales film ``Mundo Man ay Magunaw ''as Jennifer la Pena.	In 2012, Gil became part of the TV - Remake of the Salvador - Royales - Films ''Mundo Man ay Magunaw ``as Isabella la Pena.	In 2012, Gil starred as Alyssa la Pena in the TV remake of the Salvador Royales film Mundo Man ay Magunaw.
4355	Ibn Amira wurde in Valencia, einer Provinz von Alzira, geboren.	Ibn Amira was born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born in Valencia, a province of Alzira.	Ibn Amira was born at Valencia in the province of Alzira.	Gregory Amira was born in Valencia, the province of Alzira.	Juan Amira was born in Valencia, a province of Alzira.
6742	Tim Henman gewann im Finale mit 6 zu 7, 6 zu 4 und 7 zu 6 gegen Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman won in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras.	Tim Henman defeated Pete Sampras in the finals 6-7, 6-4, and 7-6.	Tim Tim Henman won 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Pete Sampras in the finals.	Tim Henman won in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6 against Jesse Sampras.	Travis Henman defeated Pete Sampras in the finals 6-7, 6-4, and 7-6.
4437	Maurice Cossmann (18. September 1850 - 17. Mai 1924), der mit vollem Namen Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann hieß, war ein französischer Paläontologe und Malakologe.	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924), whose full name was Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann, was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann, full name of Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Jeremy Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Jeremy Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Stephen Cossmann (September 18, 1850 - May 17, 1924), whose full name was Alexandre Édouard Stephen Cossmann, was a French paleontologist and malacologist.
6293	Das Album wurde jedoch von Madonna, Prince und Michael Jackson beeinflusst.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, the album was influenced by Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Madison, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, the album was influenced by Madonna, Steven and Michael Jackson.
4877	Am Ende landete er zwei Schläge hinter Bubba Watson und Louis Oosthuizen und beklagte seine Leistung beim Putten als Grund weshalb er das Turnier nicht gewann.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He ended up finishing two shots behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen, and lamented his putting performance as the reason he didn't win the tournament.	He finished two blows behind Louis Oosthuizen and Bubba Watson and lamented his putting - performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Tyler and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He ended up finishing two shots behind Bubba Watson and Kyle Oosthuizen, and lamented his putting performance as the reason he didn't win the tournament.
1188	Françoise Dürr besiegte Evonne Goolagong mit 6:4, 6:2	Françoise Dürr defeated Evonne Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr defeated Evonne Goolagong 6-4, 6-2	Françoise Dürr defeated Goolagong Evonne 6: 4, 6: 2	Françoise Dürr defeated Katherine Goolagong 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2	Françoise Dürr defeated Madison Goolagong 6-4, 6-2
7522	Die Loyalisten kampierten auf der Westseite des Catawba River, während die Armee von General Charles Cornwalli auf der Ostseite kampierte.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east side.	The Loyalists were camped on the west side of the Catawba River while General Charles Cornwallis' army had camped on the east side.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Justin Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while General Christopher Cornwalli's army camped on the east side.
2112	Roger Mortimers erste Frau war Joan Mortimer, die Tochter von James, dem 2. Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, the daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James, 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Roger Mortimer's first wife was Melanie Mortimer, the daughter of James 2nd Baron Audley.	Robert Mortimer's first wife was Joan Mortimer, daughter of James, 2nd Baron Audley.
6180	James Henry Engley wurde am 5. April 1851 in Attleborough in Massachusetts, als Sohn von Eugene D. Engley und seiner Frau, der ehemaligen Mary Kaley, geboren.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Patricia Kaley.	Evan Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.
4494	Garrett Whitley erschien erstmals Anfang Juli. Er ist der kriminelle Lehrmeister von Harper Whitley und Steve Whitley und Bruder von Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal mentor of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Garrett Whitley, who is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron, appeared.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Nathaniel Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Olivia first appeared in early July. He is the criminal mentor of Harper Olivia and Steve Olivia and brother of Benny Cameron.
6294	„2“ Benjamin Hough wurde am 29. August 1806 von Stephen Ford verheiratet, einem Friedensrichter, in Jefferson County mit Elizabeth Core.	``2 ''Benjamin Hough was married on August 29, 1806 by Stephen Ford, Justice of Peace, in Jefferson County with Elizabeth Core.	"2" Benjamin Hough was married to Elizabeth Core on August 29, 1806 by Stephen Ford, a justice of the peace, in Jefferson County.	Benjamin Hough was to married Elizabeth Core on August 29, 1806, by Stephen Ford, justice of the Peace, in Jefferson County.	``2 ''Benjamin Hough was married on August 29, 1806 by Stephen Kenneth, Justice of Peace, in Jefferson County with Elizabeth Core.	"2" Benjamin Hough was married to Elizabeth Core on August 29, 1806 by Austin Ford, a justice of the peace, in Jefferson County.
5482	Thompsons kleiner Bruder, Julia, wurde im Jahr 1863 in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio, geboren.	The younger brother of Thompson, Julia, was born in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's little brother, Julia, was born in 1863 in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio.	Thompson's younger brother, Julia, was born in 1863 in Charles Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio.	The younger brother of Thompson, Julia, was born in Ian Martin Hall, Geauga County, Ohio in 1863.	Thompson's little brother, Julia, was born in 1863 in Charles Alex Hall, Geauga County, Ohio.
455	William Llewelyn Williams, besser bekannt als Llewelyn Williams (10. März 1867 - 22. April 1922) war ein radikaler Journalist, Rechtsanwalt und walisischer Politiker der Liberalen Partei.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams, better known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922) was a radical journalist, barrister and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Bryan, better known as Llewelyn Bryan (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh liberal party politician.	William Llewelyn Steven, better known as Llewelyn Steven (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922) was a radical journalist, barrister and Welsh Liberal Party politician.
2162	Vorige Minister waren John MacKay, der einen Verdienstorden für Schottischen Gartenbau erhielt, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, und Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBE for Scottish Horticulture services, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Past ministers have been John MacKay, who received an Order of Merit for Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries include John MacKay, who received an MBE for services to Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott and Dr. John MacLennan.	Previous secretaries were John MacKay, who received an MBE for Scottish Horticulture services, Alison Murison, James Mabbott, and Dr. John MacLennan.	Past ministers have been Ian MacKay, who received an Order of Merit for Scottish Horticulture, Alison Murison, Tom Mabbott, and Dr. Ian MacLennan.
5362	Ihre Kinder waren Barbara, die Deirdre Howley heiratete, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, die Herbert Cohen heiratete und Ellen Eisenstadt, die Marvin Eisenstadt heiratete.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Elijah Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Shawn Eisenstadt.
3622	Robbins wurde am 21. September 1933 in Coventry geboren, mit seinem Zwilling David, dem achten und neunten von zwölf Kindern von Charles und Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933 with his twin David, the eighth and ninth of twelve children born to Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born on 21 September 1933 in Coventry, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth child of the twelve of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Jordan and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933 with his twin Kevin, the eighth and ninth of twelve children born to Charles and Jessamine Robbins.
2348	1994 wurde der von Peter Masefield und Donald Wiebe veröffentlichte Band „Aspects of Religion” ihm zu Ehren bearbeitet.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume Aspects of Religion, published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honor.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honour.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Brandon Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume Aspects of Religion, published by Cody Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honor.
5218	Mark Allen gewann das Finale 1:0 (104:0) gegen Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final 1-0 (104-0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final against Martin Gould with 1: 0 (104 -- 0).	Mark Joshua won the final 1 -- 0 (104 -- 0) against Martin Gould.	Mark Allen won the final 1-0 (104-0) against Noah Gould.
6253	Seit 1984 ist Blake mit Patricia Meyer verheiratet und hat zwei Söhne: Ryan (1988 geboren) und Dale (1992 geboren).	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and together they have two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Since 1984, Blake has been married to Patricia Jose and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Dale (born 1992).	Blake has been married to Patricia Meyer since 1984 and has two sons: Ryan (born 1988) and Robert (born 1992).
7961	Mit Vinny Testaverde als Starter kämpfte Zolak gegen Ray Lucas um einen Job als Backup.	With Vinny Testaverde considered the starter, Zolak was competing against Ray Lucas for a backup job.	With Vinny Testaverde as a starter, Zolak fought Ray Lucas for a job as a backup.	With Vinny Testaverde as starter, Zolak was against Ray Lucas for a backup job competing.	With Eric Testaverde considered the starter, Zolak was competing against Ray Lucas for a backup job.	With Juan Testaverde as a starter, Zolak fought Ray Lucas for a job as a backup.
7712	Er machte Aufnahmen mit der Band von Billy Eckstine und 1946 spielte er mit Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Gabriel Hampton.	He recorded with Jack Eckstine's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.
5118	2009 spielte Coolidge die dramatische Rolle der „Geneviève McDonagh“.	In 2009, Coolidge took on a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge played the dramatic role of Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge took a dramatic role in ``as Genevieve McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge took on a dramatic role in ``as Sara McDonagh.	In 2009, Coolidge played the dramatic role of Angela McDonagh.
7034	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (auch bekannt als Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) ist ein Stammesführer, der zwischen 2001 und 2005 Gouverneur von Helmand in Afghanistan war.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Austin Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher David Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan between 2001 and 2005.
5258	Im Baseball blieb Taylor bis zu seinem Tod weiter als Scout für die Atlanta Braves und Milwaukee und die Chicago White Sox aktiv.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	In baseball, Taylor remained active as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and the Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Leslie remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	In baseball, Julia remained active as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and the Chicago White Sox until his death.
5591	Die Spezies wurde erstmals 1846 vom Botaniker Stephan Endlicher formell beschrieben, im Zuge des Werks „Irideae Plantae Preissianae“ von Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work ``Irideae Plantae Preissianae ''by Johann Georg Christian Lehmann.	The species was first formally described by botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 in the course of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work Irideae Plantae Preissianae.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work ``Irideae. Plantae Preissianae ''.	The species was first formally described by the botanist Stephan Endlicher in 1846 as part of the work ``Irideae Plantae Preissianae ''by Johann Georg Angel Lehmann.	The species was first formally described by botanist James Endlicher in 1846 in the course of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work Irideae Plantae Preissianae.
5557	Malet heiratete 1664 Mary Aldworth, Witwe von John Aldworth aus Letcombe Regis, Berkshire, und Tochter von Thomas White aus Fyfield, Berkshire.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire, and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield, Berkshire, in 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, the widow of John Aldworth by Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield Berkshire until 1664.	Malet married Mary Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire and daughter of Anthony White of Fyfield Berkshire by 1664.	Malet married Julie Aldworth, widow of John Aldworth of Letcombe Regis, Berkshire, and daughter of Thomas White of Fyfield, Berkshire, in 1664.
1129	Es wurde vom Keyboarder Leon Russell und vom Gitarristen Marc Benno komponiert.	It was composed of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was composed by keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was composed by keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Marc Benno.	It was composed of keyboardist Leon Russell and guitarist Gabriel Benno.	It was composed by keyboardist Leon Zachary and guitarist Marc Benno.
2661	Er wurde von seiner Frau, ehemalige Barbara Crutchley, seinen Söhnen Norman F. Boas und Donald P. Boas und seiner Tochter Helen Tuthill Sisson überlebt.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Emma Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Allison Tuthill Sisson.
6653	Der amtierende Boss - Rene Piccarreto - der Sohn von Loren Piccarreto wurde 1988 verhaftet und 1994 wieder freigelassen.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- son of Loren Piccarreto arrested 1988 released in 1994.	The incumbent boss - Rene Piccarreto - son of Loren Piccarreto was arrested in 1988 and released in 1994.	Acting Boss -- Rene Piccarreto -- Son of Loren Piccarreto arrested in 1988 in 1994 released.	Acting Boss -- Adam Piccarreto -- son of Loren Piccarreto arrested 1988 released in 1994.	The incumbent boss - Rene Piccarreto - son of Nathaniel Piccarreto was arrested in 1988 and released in 1994.
178	Ned Lambton und McEwen ließen sich 1995 scheiden. Seitdem hat sie den Musiker Jools Holland geheiratet.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995, and since then she has married the musician Jools Holland.	Ian Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married musician Jools Anna.
2187	Es liegt östlich von Chestnut Ridge, südlich von Nanuet, westlich von Blauvelt, New York, und nördlich von Montvale und Old Tappan.	It is east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan.	It is located east of Chestnut Ridge, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut Christian, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan, New Jersey.	It is east of Chestnut Dylan, south of Nanuet, west of Blauvelt, New York, and north of Montvale and Old Tappan.
4641	1947 kandidierte er erfolglos für das Amt des Stadtrichters von Saint Joseph und 1948 für das Amt des Staatsanwalts von South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	In 1947 he ran unsuccessfully for the office of City Judge of Saint Joseph and in 1948 for the office of District Attorney of South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County City Councilor, and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Daniel Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	In 1947 he ran unsuccessfully for the office of City Judge of Mason Joseph and in 1948 for the office of District Attorney of South Bend.
4164	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), ein weiterer Schüler der Hollywood Arts High School fällt aufgrund einer Fehlfunktion der Surfmaschine in den Whirpool.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid) another student at Hollywood Arts falls into the jacuzzi when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another Hollywood Arts High School student, falls into the hot tub due to a surfing machine malfunction.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Cameron) another student at Hollywood Arts falls into the jacuzzi when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Chad), another Hollywood Arts High School student, falls into the hot tub due to a surfing machine malfunction.
319	Am 13. November 2016 wurde David Machado von Dennis Wallace in Fox Grove Park in der Nähe der Stadt Hughson ermordet.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered by Dennis Wallace in Fox Grove Park, near the town of Hughson.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by Dennis Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson by Luke Wallace.	On November 13, 2016, David Machado was murdered by Andrew Wallace in Fox Grove Park, near the town of Hughson.
3016	Im Juli 2017 war Elmer McCurdy Thema einer Folge von „The Memory Palace“ mit Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the theme of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Nate DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the theme of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Connor DiMeo.	In July 2017, Elmer McCurdy was the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" with Joseph DiMeo.
6551	Der damalige Landbesitzer war Mr. Leslie Vernon Calcutt, und er vereinbarte eine 99-jährige Pacht mit Mr. Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The landowner at the time was Mr. Leslie Vernon Calcutt and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr. Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year rent with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Nicole Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The landowner at the time was Mr. Erin Vernon Calcutt and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr. Johnson.
4206	Der Campus war in Wan Chai und Sai Kung gelegen und wurde im August 2013 an seinen neuen Standort in Kennedy Town verlegt.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and moved to its new site in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung and was moved to its new location in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Sai Kung. In August 2013 the school moved to its new permanent site in Kennedy Town.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Jose Kung and moved to its new site in Kennedy Town in August 2013.	The campus was located in Wan Chai and Travis Kung and was moved to its new location in Kennedy Town in August 2013.
6300	Im August 1839 kam der Schweizer Pionier John Sutter (1803-1880) zusammen mit anderen euro-amerikanischen Siedlern nach Alta California.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 together with other euro-American settlers.	In August 1839, Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) arrived in Alta California along with other Euro-American settlers.	The Swiss pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-American settlers in August 1839.	The Swiss pioneer Bryan Sutter (1803 - 1880) arrived in Alta California in August 1839 together with other euro-American settlers.	In August 1839, Swiss pioneer Shawn Sutter (1803-1880) arrived in Alta California along with other Euro-American settlers.
4894	Bei der DTM trat der Audi V8 gegen den viel kleineren und leichteren Mercedes 190, den BMW M3, und den etwas kleineren Opel Omega 3000 an.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	In the DTM, the Audi V8 competed against the much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3, and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and somewhat smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Jasmine 3000.	In the DTM, the Audi V8 competed against the much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, the BMW M3, and the slightly smaller Opel Leah 3000.
6916	Gunnar Hansen bemerkte: „Der Grund weshalb er eine Maske trug war gemäß Tobe und Kim, dass die Maske wirklich seine Persönlichkeit bestimmte.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen remarked: "The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was because the mask really defined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Robert commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen remarked: "The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Katherine, was because the mask really defined his personality.
308	Er ist der Halbbruder von Lord Clarence Paget , Lord Alfred Paget und Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Alfred Paget, Lord George Paget and Lord Clarence Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord Angel Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord Daniel Paget.
1271	Sein Anbau wurde in Kuba 1880 von Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas eingeführt.	In Matanzas its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba.	Its cultivation was introduced in Cuba in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas.	Its cultivation was introduced by Fernando Heydrich in Cuba in 1880.	In Matanzas its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by David Heydrich in Cuba.	Its cultivation was introduced in Cuba in 1880 by Paul Heydrich in Matanzas.
1829	Taylor blieb bis zu seinem Tod als Scout für die Chicago White Sox und die Milwaukee und Atlanta Braves im Baseball aktiv.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.	Taylor remained active in baseball as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Monica remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Emma remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.
4041	Die Musik, die gespielt wird, als Bob um „Blackadder“ wirbt, ist Vaughan Williams' „Fantasia on Greensleeves“.	The music performed as Bob courts ``Blackadder ''is Vaughan Williams'`` Fantasia on Greensleeves''.	The music played when Bob courts "Blackadder" is Vaughan Williams' "Fantasia on Greensleeves".	The music performed as Bob ``Blackadder ''is'' Fantasia on Greensleeves ''by Vaughan Williams.	The music performed as Bob courts ``Blackadder ''is Vaughan Scott'`` Fantasia on Greensleeves''.	The music played when Andrew courts "Blackadder" is Vaughan Williams' "Fantasia on Greensleeves".
1643	Duncan McIntyre wurde am 6. Oktober 1899 in Kent, England, als Sohn von Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre geboren.	Duncan McIntyre was born on 6 October 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England to Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Duncan McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Isaac McIntyre was born on 6 October 1899 in Kent, England, the son of Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.	Jackson McIntyre was born on October 6, 1899 in Kent, England to Captain Ivor Ewing McIntyre.
5238	Der Film zeigt Jembie Almazan in der Rolle der Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz als David und Jonathan Diaz Angulo als Alex.	The film Stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Maria, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film Stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Sean Diaz Angulo as Alex.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Mary, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Aaron Diaz Angulo as Alex.
4021	Später gehörte Andrew während des Angriffs auf Adhemar, Graf von Angoulême, zu den Kräften von Richard.	Later, Andrew would be Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Later, Andrew was among Richard's forces during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême.	Later, during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême, Andrew was to be Richard's forces.	Later, Andrew would be Timothy's forces during the attack on Adhemar, count of Angoulême.	Later, Andrew was among Nathaniel's forces during the attack on Adhemar, Count of Angoulême.
1256	Michael Jackson, Prince und Madonna waren jedoch Einflüsse auf das Album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were influences on the album.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson were, however, influences on the album.	Justin Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Alyssa were influences on the album.
5669	Als Jack Nitzsche zum ersten Mal von „Stubborn Kind of Fellow“ hörte, war er so aufgeregt, dass er die Kontrolle über sein Auto verlor, als er mit Phil Spector den Sunset Boulevard entlang fuhr.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard about "Stubborn Kind of Fellow," he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow '', he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving the Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Hunter Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Daniel Nitzsche first heard about "Stubborn Kind of Fellow," he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.
6493	Dieser Titel wurde 1970 für James Grimston, einen Politiker aus Hertfordshire, formuliert. Später wurde er Earl of Verulam, ein Titel, den seine Nachfahren noch immer innehaben.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was formulated in 1970 for James Grimston, a politician from Hertfordshire. He later became Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was created in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician, who later revived Earl of Verulam, a title that was still held by his descendants.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Adrian of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was formulated in 1970 for Dylan Grimston, a politician from Hertfordshire. He later became Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.
2950	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (auch bekannt als Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) ist ein Stammesführer, der von 2001 bis 2005 Gouverneur von Helmand in Afghanistan war.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal chief who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Stephen Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Nathaniel Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal chief who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.
1936	Piper City wurde 1867 von Samuel Cross aus New York und William A. Piper aus Philadelphia entworfen (5. März 1820 - 6. Juli 1896).	Piper City was designed by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Piper City was designed in 1867 by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia (March 5, 1820 – July 6, 1896).	Piper City was laid out in 1867 by Samuel Cross of New York and William A. Piper (5 March 1820 -- 6 July 1896) of Philadelphia.	Piper City was designed by Samuel Brian of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia in 1867 (March 5, 1820 - July 6, 1896).	Piper City was designed in 1867 by Christian Cross of New York and William A. Piper of Philadelphia (March 5, 1820 – July 6, 1896).
9	Joe R. Campa Jr. ist ein ehemaliger Seemann der United States Navy, der als elfter Master Chief Petty Officer in der US Navy diente.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former sailor of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former United States Navy seaman who served as the eleventh master chief petty officer in the US Navy.	Joe R. Campa Jr. is a former U.S. Navy Matrose who served as the 11th Master Chief Petty Officer of the United States Navy.	Peter R. Campa Jr. is a former sailor of the United States Navy, who served as the eleventh Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.	Samuel R. Campa Jr. is a former United States Navy seaman who served as the eleventh master chief petty officer in the US Navy.
6924	1291 heiratete Mathilde Otto IV., Graf von Burgund und hatte drei Kinder mit ihm, darunter zwei Mädchen, die Königin von Frankreich waren.	In 1291, Mahaut married the count de Burgundy Otto IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291 Mathilde married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy and had three children with him, including two girls who were Queen of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy. She married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married the count de Burgundy Jacob IV, married the mother of three children, including two girls who became kings of France.	In 1291 Mathilde married Matthew IV, Count of Burgundy and had three children with him, including two girls who were Queen of France.
1366	Als Nächstes tauchte Iyer im Kannada-Film „Jaggu Dada“ mit dem Schauspieler Darshan auf.	Next appeared Iyer in the Kannada - film ``Jaggu Dada ''with the actor Darshan.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film Jaggu Dada with actor Darshan.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film ``Jaggu Dada ''with actor Darshan.	Next appeared Iyer in the Kannada - film ``Jaggu Dada ''with the actor Dylan.	Iyer next appeared in the Kannada film Jaggu Dada with actor Travis.
6768	Die Band gründete sich 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, nachdem Gitarrist Cole Alexander und Bassist Jared Willey die Renegades und Gitarrist Ben Eberbaugh die Reruns verlassen hatten.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Cole Alexander and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Cole Alexander and bassist Jared Willey left the Renegades and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The band was founded in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999, after the guitarist Cole Alexander and the bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Charles Alexander and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Cole Luis and bassist Jared Willey left the Renegades and guitarist Ben Eberbaugh left the Reruns.
4417	William Llewelyn Williams, bekannt als Llewelyn Williams (10. März 1867-22. April 1922), war ein walisischer Journalist, Anwalt und radikaler Politiker der Liberalen Partei.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 -- April 22, 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer, and radical Liberal party politician.	Alex Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Brian, known as Llewelyn Brian (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922), was a Welsh journalist, lawyer and radical Liberal Party politician.
4929	Nadia Lutfi (geboren am 3. Januar 1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) ist eine ägyptische Schauspielerin im Ruhestand.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 in Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq on January 3, 1938) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born Paula Mohamed Mostafa Shafiq; 3 January 1938) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born January 3, 1938 in Paula Justin Mostafa Shafiq) is a retired Egyptian actress.	Nadia Lutfi (born Paula Mohamed Austin Shafiq on January 3, 1938) is a retired Egyptian actress.
6509	Jonas Björkman und Fabrice Santoro gewannen im Finale mit 6:2 , 6:4 gegen Martin Damm und Radek Štěpánek.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the finals.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won the final 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won in the final 6 - 2, 6 - 4, against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek.	Jonas Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won 6-2, 6-4 against Derek Damm and Radek Štěpánek in the finals.	Edward Björkman and Fabrice Santoro won the final 6-2, 6-4 against Martin Damm and Radek Štěpánek.
4635	Zur selben Zeit bat Tong Papst Franziskus darum, für drei weitere Jahre Bischof von Hongkong bleiben zu dürfen.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain a Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Francis to remain Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Brian to remain a Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.	At the same time, Tong asked Pope Logan to remain Bishop of Hong Kong for three more years.
5390	Oliver Goldsmith, der Großvater des Dichters, Dramatikers und Schriftstellers Robert Goldsmith war laut Prior das erste Familienmitglied, das sich in Ballyoughter niederließ.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of the poet, playwright and writer Robert Goldsmith, was, according to Prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, grandfather of poet, playwright and novelist Robert Goldsmith was the first member of the family to settle in Ballyoughter, according to Prior.	According to Prior, Oliver Goldsmith the grandfather of the poet, playwright and novelist Robert Goldsmith was the first of the family to settle at Ballyoughter.	Oliver Goldsmith, the grandfather of the poet, playwright and writer Carlos Goldsmith, was, according to Prior, the first of the family to settle in Ballyoughter.	Adam Goldsmith, grandfather of poet, playwright and novelist Robert Goldsmith was the first member of the family to settle in Ballyoughter, according to Prior.
6583	Er erhält zusammen mit Lucas (Martin Hansen) das renommierte Carnegie Mathematik-Stipendium.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	Together with Lucas (Martin Hansen), he receives the renowned Carnegie mathematics scholarship.	With Martin Hansen (Lucas) he is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Mason).	Together with Lucas (Cameron Hansen), he receives the renowned Carnegie mathematics scholarship.
7200	1937 wurde Donald Miteigentümer der Baseballmannschaft Toronto Maple Leafs, sein Sohn Ross wurde Vereinspräsident.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937 Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, and his son Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team. His son, Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Erica Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937 Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, and his son Adrian became club president.
3497	Cordell Crockett spielte Bass bei 5 Songs und bei allen anderen Nathan Slade der Bassist von Ugly Kid Joe.	Cordell Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, with Ugly Kid Joe bassist Nathan Slade playing bass on the rest.	Cordell Crockett played bass on 5 songs and Nathan Slade, Ugly Kid Joe's bassist, played all the others.	Cordell Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, using Ugly Kid Joe Bassist Nathan Slade on the rest bass.	Kevin Crockett played the bass on 5 songs, with Ugly Kid Joe bassist Nathan Slade playing bass on the rest.	Ryan Crockett played bass on 5 songs and Nathan Slade, Ugly Kid Joe's bassist, played all the others.
3169	Im Januar 2013 wurde angekündigt, dass Warren Spector nach der Schließung von Disney Interactive die Junction Point Studios verlassen hatte.	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Warren Spector had left the Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.	In January 2013, it was announced that Warren Spector had left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.	In January 2013, it was announced that after the closure of Disney Interactive, Edward Spector had left the Junction Point Studios.	In January 2013, it was announced that Zachary Spector had left Junction Point Studios following the closure of Disney Interactive.
4074	1960 kandidierten John T. Driscoll und Patrick F. McDonough für den Posten des „Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts“; er wurde bei den demokratischen Vorwahlen Dritter hinter Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for the post of Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts; he finished third behind Kennedy in the Democratic primary.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts. He finished third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Jackson F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for the post of Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts; he finished third behind Christine in the Democratic primary.
7288	Maritsa Lazari wurde im Oktober 1943 in London, UK, geboren. Sie migrierte 16-jährig mit ihrer Familie nach Zypern.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She migrated to Cyprus with her family when she was 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in London in October 1943 and emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16 years.	Katie Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Megan Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She migrated to Cyprus with her family when she was 16.
7213	David I. Walsh's jüngster Biograf schreibt, dass „die Kampagne zur Vernichtung von Walsh funktionierte, da er sich nicht wehren konnte... Davìd I. Walsh war schwul.“	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he couldn't fight back... Davìd I. Walsh was gay."	The recent biographer of David I. Walsh writes: ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay.	Hunter I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... Hunter I. Walsh was gay. ''	Nathan I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he couldn't fight back... Davìd I. Walsh was gay."
5539	Am 17. September wird Arreola im Staples Center in Los Angeles, Kalifornien, gegen Alfonso Gomez antreten, nach dem Vorkampf von Juan Sandoval gegen Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will perform at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, against Alfonso Gomez at the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will face off against Alfonso Gomez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, following Juan Sandoval's preliminary match against Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will face Alfonso Gomez on the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.	On September 17, Arreola will perform at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, against Brian Gomez at the undercard of Juan Sandoval vs. Saul Alvarez.	On September 17, Arreola will face off against Elijah Gomez at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, following Juan Sandoval's preliminary match against Saul Alvarez.
375	Am 9. August wurde Lloyd mit 51,1 % der Stimmen gewählt. Andy Burnham wurde mit 29,1 % Zweiter.	On 9 August Lloyd was selected with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	On August 9, Lloyd was elected with 51.1% of the vote. Andy Burnham was second with 29.1%.	Lloyd was elected on 9 August with 51.1% of the vote, Andy Burnham second with 29.1%.	On 9 August Lloyd was selected with 51.1% of the vote. Scott Burnham placed second with 29.1%.	On August 9, Lloyd was elected with 51.1% of the vote. Jordan Burnham was second with 29.1%.
3195	Er war der Sohn von Richard Byfields zweiter Ehefrau und Nicholas Byfield war sein älterer Halbbruder.	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was the son of Richard Byfield's second wife and Nicholas Byfield was his older half brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield through his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and David Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was the son of Richard Byfield's second wife and Bryan Byfield was his older half brother.
2094	Er arbeitet zusammen mit zeitgenössischen Architekten wie etwa Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti und Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborates with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Thomas Di Conforto.	He collaborates with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Ryan Di Conforto.
5568	2018 wurde Farrell von Papst Franziskus zum neuen Bischof von Ossory ernannt.	In 2018 Farrell was appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Francis.	In 2018, Pope Francis appointed Farrell as the new Bishop of Ossory.	In 2018, Farrell was appointed by Pope Francis as a new bishop of Ossory.	In 2018 Farrell was appointed as the new Bishop of Ossory by Pope Cody.	In 2018, Pope Alex appointed Farrell as the new Bishop of Ossory.
5781	Melodie Crittenden verließ die Gruppe 2004, um ihre Solokarriere zu verfolgen, und 2005 sang meist Nicol mit der Gruppe.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue her solo career and in 2005 Nicol mostly sang with the group.	Melodie Crittenden left the group in 2004 to follow a solo career, and for most of the year 2005 Nicol sang with.	Danielle Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career, and for most of 2005 Nicol sang with the group.	Christina Crittenden left the group in 2004 to pursue her solo career and in 2005 Nicol mostly sang with the group.
4307	William Harris war der zweite Sohn von William Harris, sein älterer Bruder Christopher Harris war Abgeordneter für Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his older brother Christopher Harris was an MP for Okehampton.	Harris was the second son of William Harris. His elder brother, Christopher Harris, was MP for Okehampton.	Justin Harris was the second son of Justin Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Jeremy was the second son of William Jeremy, his older brother Christopher Jeremy was an MP for Okehampton.
1728	Er ist der Halbbruder von Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget und Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Hunter Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord Jackson Paget.
4674	Lovey und Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin haben umfangreich online und in YouTube veröffentlicht - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania .	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and in YouTube - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and on YouTube videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Romeo of Green Bay Wisconsin have appeared extensively online and in YouTube videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Mason of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and in YouTube - Videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.	Lovey and Dude Thomas of Green Bay Wisconsin have published extensively online and on YouTube videos Puli PrayingOriginally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
1699	Die Loyalisten lagerten westlich des Catawba River, die Army von General Charles Cornwalli dagegen östlich.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped west of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped east.	The Loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River while General Charles Cornwalli's army were camped on the east side.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Bradley Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped west of the Catawba River, while General Ian Cornwalli's army camped east.
7482	Die Folge wurde von Tony Goldwyn gedreht und von Matt Byrne und Mark Fish geschrieben.	The episode was addressed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was directed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish and directed by Tony Goldwyn.	The episode was addressed by Daniel Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Mark Fish.	The episode was directed by Tony Goldwyn and written by Matt Byrne and Derek Fish.
3362	Peter DuConge (1903-1967) war ein früher Jazz-Musiker in der Jazz-Szene von New Orleans.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903-1967) was an early jazz musician on the New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Timothy DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Jonathan DuConge (1903-1967) was an early jazz musician on the New Orleans jazz scene.
1736	Der Anbau wurde 1880 von Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Kuba eingeführt.	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas, Cuba.	In Cuba its cultivation was introduced in 1880, by Fernando Heydrich in Matanzas.	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by Christian Heydrich in Matanzas in Cuba.	The cultivation was introduced in 1880 by Lucas Heydrich in Matanzas, Cuba.
3541	Nach ihrem Erfolg engagierte Jane Campion Jones für eine TV-Miniserie, aus der der Film „Ein Engel an meiner Tafel“, eine Adaption von Janet Frames Autobiographie, hervorging.	Following her success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following her success, Jane Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries, which led to the film An Angel at My Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following her success, Jane Campion Jones was an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography for a television miniseries that turned into the movie Angel at my Table.	Following her success, Leah Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries that turned into the film Angel at my Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.	Following her success, Brittany Campion hired Jones for a television miniseries, which led to the film An Angel at My Table, an adaptation of Janet Frame's autobiography.
5338	Die Medaillen wurden von Barbara Kendall aus Neuseeland, Mitglied des Internationalen Olympischen Komitees, und Carlo Croce, dem Vorsitzenden des Weltseglerverbands World Sailing, verliehen.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall of New Zealand and World Sailing President Carlo Croce.	The medals have been presented by Carlo Croce, IOC - member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, president of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Barbara Crystal, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall of New Zealand and World Sailing President Luke Croce.
153	Die Loyalisten lagerten am Westufer des Catawba River, während die Armee von General Charles Cornwalli am Ostufer lagerte.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Charles Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.	The loyalists were camped on the west side of Catawba River, while the army of General Charles Cornwallis camped on the eastern side.	The loyalists had camped on the west side of the Catawba River, while the army of General Cameron Cornwalli camped on the east side.	The Loyalists camped on the west bank of the Catawba River, while General Timothy Cornwalli's army camped on the east bank.
4699	Er wurde als nachgeborenes Kind von Sir Henry Thrale, 1. Baron geboren. Seine Mutter war die Schwester des Brauers John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the second child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baron. His mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer Ian Lade.	He was born the second child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baron. His mother was the sister of the brewer Angel Lade.
3796	João Martins Pena und Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena wurden als Kinder von Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro geboren.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena were born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Paula Julieta Pena was born in Rio de Janeiro, to Martins Pena.	João Martins Pena and Francisca de Leah Julieta Pena was born to Martins Pena in Rio de Janeiro.	João Martins Pena and Francisca Bryan Paula Julieta Pena were born to Martins Pena in Rio Bryan Janeiro.
1917	Neville heiratete Edith Cranstoun Macnamara , die älteste Tochter von H. T. J. Macnamara , der einmal Richter von County Courts und Eisenbahnbeauftragter war.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was at one time a Judge of County Courts and a Railway Commissioner.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of H.T.J. Macnamara, who was once a county court judge and railway commissioner.	Neville married Edith Cranstoun Macnamara, the eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was a judge of the County Courts and a railroad commissioner at one time.	Neville married Alexandra Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. H. T. J. Macnamara, who was at one time a Judge of County Courts and a Railway Commissioner.	Neville married Amber Cranstoun Macnamara, eldest daughter of H.T.J. Macnamara, who was once a county court judge and railway commissioner.
3132	Im Jahr 2012 veröffentlichte Adrian Belew sein sechstes Soloalbum „Treehouse“, das in Nashville, Tennessee, vom Musiker Ned Evett produziert wurde.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released his sixth solo album, Treehouse, which was produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew ``Treehouse ''released his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Charles Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released his sixth solo album, Treehouse, which was produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Luis Evett.
6	Kathy und ihr Ehemann Pete Beale (Peter Dean) sind finanziell gut aufgestellt.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are stable financially.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean) are doing well financially.	Kathy and her husband Peter Dean (Pete Beale) are financially stable.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Peter Kyle) are stable financially.	Kathy and her husband Pete Beale (Mason Dean) are doing well financially.
3714	„The Lost Boys“ ist eine Doku-Drama-Miniserie unter der Regie von Andrew Birkin aus dem Jahre 1978, produziert von der BBC und geschrieben von Rodney Bennett.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC, written by Rodney Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama miniseries directed by Andrew Birkin, produced by the BBC and written by Rodney Bennett.	The Lost Boys is a docudrama miniseries produced by the BBC in 1978, written by Rodney Bennett and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC, written by Joseph Bennett, and directed by Andrew Birkin.	The Lost Boys is a 1978 docudrama miniseries directed by Andrew Birkin, produced by the BBC and written by Rodney Jeremy.
692	1291 heiratete Mathilde den Grafen von Burgund Otto IV., der Mutter von drei Kindern war, darunter zwei Mädchen, die Könige von Frankreich heirateten.	In 1291, Mahaut married the Count of Burgundy, Otto IV, who was mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291 Mathilde married the Count of Burgundy Otto IV, who was the mother of three children, including two girls, who married kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married Otto IV, Count of Burgundy. She became the mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291, Mahaut married the Count of Burgundy, Sean IV, who was mother of three children, including two girls who married kings of France.	In 1291 Mathilde married the Count of Burgundy Andrew IV, who was the mother of three children, including two girls, who married kings of France.
2546	Leslie Waddington eröffnete 1966 seine eigene Galerie in der Cork Street in London. Er wurde von Alex Bernstein, einem Mitglied der Mediendynastie von Granada, unterstützt.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	Leslie Waddington opened his own gallery on Cork Street, London in 1966. He was assisted by Alex Bernstein, a member of Granada's media dynasty.	In 1966, started his own gallery in London's Cork Street, Leslie Waddington had the backing of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Lucas Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	Kayla Waddington opened his own gallery on Cork Street, London in 1966. He was assisted by Alex Bernstein, a member of Granada's media dynasty.
6454	Im neunzehnten Jahrhundert ging die Kritik sogar noch weiter: Der Barockkritiker John Ruskin sagte, dass die britische Skulptur nicht nur schlecht, sondern auch moralisch verwerflich ist.	In the nineteenth century, critique went even further: the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the nineteenth century the criticism went even further: the Baroque critic John Ruskin said that British sculpture is not only bad but also morally reprehensible.	In the 19th century, criticism went even further; the baroque critic John Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the nineteenth century, critique went even further: the baroque critic Charles Ruskin declared that British sculpture was not only bad, but also morally corrupt.	In the nineteenth century the criticism went even further: the Baroque critic Kenneth Ruskin said that British sculpture is not only bad but also morally reprehensible.
3975	Seine Kinder waren Carolyn und Cynthia (1970 verstorben), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (1971 geboren) und Andrew (1981 geboren).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (deceased 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Hannah (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were Erin and Cynthia (deceased 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).
1384	„Everything But You“ ist ein Lied von 1945, komponiert von Don George, geschrieben von Duke Ellington und Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a song of 1945, composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	"Everything But You" is a 1945 song composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a 1945 song composed by Don George with lyrics written by Duke Ellington and Harry James.	``Everything But You ''is a song of 1945, composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Harry Jason.	"Everything But You" is a 1945 song composed by Don George, written by Duke Ellington and Jacob James.
1479	Er war das nachgeborene Kind von Sir Henry Thrale, 1. Baronet; seine Mutter war die Schwester des Brauers John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the second-born of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born as a child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Cameron Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the second-born of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer James Lade.
2485	Die Stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez und Rob Huebel.	The stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.	Stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.	The film stars Oscar Nunez, Rob Huebel, Timothée Chalamet, Lily Rabe, Anthony Quintal, and Lili Reinhart.	The stars Lilie Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Joshua Huebel.	Stars Lauren Rabe, Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nunez and Rob Huebel.
4529	Jedoch war das Album durch Madonna, Prince und Michael Jackson beeinflusst.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Michael Jackson were influences on the album.	However, the album was influenced by Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson.	Madonna, Prince and Michael Jackson, however, were influenced on the album.	However, Madonna, Prince, and Robert Jackson were influences on the album.	However, the album was influenced by Madonna, Prince and Scott Jackson.
5503	Im Juli 2016 trat sie als Joseph Conrad in „The Secret Agent“ auf, basierend auf dem gleichnamigen Roman von Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in The Secret Agent, based on the Winnie Verloc novel of the same name.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the eponymous novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Hailey Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Ryan in The Secret Agent, based on the Winnie Verloc novel of the same name.
5726	„Angel Eyes“ ist ein beliebter Song aus dem Jahr 1946, komponiert von Earl Brent mit einem Text von Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Brent, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	"Angel Eyes" is a popular 1946 song composed by Earl Brent with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a popular song of 1946, composed by Earl Brent, with texts by Matt Dennis.	``Angel Eyes ''is a 1946 popular song composed by Earl Zachary, with lyrics by Matt Dennis.	"Angel Eyes" is a popular 1946 song composed by Earl Brent with lyrics by Juan Dennis.
4515	Sie wurde Mutter von Val, Boris und Rosalind Lorwin, ihre Tochter war Professorin für Psychologie.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin. Her daughter was a psychology professor.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Taylor Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Madison Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.
2378	„Dream”, produziert von John Gielgud und dirigiert von Georg Solti, wurde 1961 im Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, aufgeführt.	``Dream ''was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	"Dream", produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti, was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in 1961.	``Dream ''was performed in 1961 in the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, produced by John Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	``Dream ''was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1961, produced by Gregory Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti.	"Dream", produced by Scott Gielgud and conducted by Georg Solti, was performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in 1961.
324	Gleich nachdem sie das Skript von Aamir Khan gelesen hatte, erklärte sich Mehra bereit, in „Rang De Basanti“ mitzuspielen.	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra agreed to play in ``Rang De Basanti ''.	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra agreed to star in Rang De Basanti.	Mehra agreed to act in ``Rang De Basanti ''immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script.	Immediately after reading Ethan Khan's script, Mehra agreed to play in ``Rang De Basanti ''.	Immediately after reading Aamir Khan's script, Mehra agreed to star in Rang David Basanti.
2134	Das ehemalige Las-Vegas-Showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) erbt das Baseballteam Cleveland Indians von Donald, ihrem verstorbenen Mann.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from Donald, her late husband.	The former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Donald.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband, Dylan.	Former Las Vegas showgirl Margaret Whitton (Rachel Phelps) inherits the Cleveland Indians baseball team from Liam, her late husband.
3380	Megan Ellison wurde in Santa Clara County, Kalifornien als Tochter des Milliardärs und Vorsitzenden der Oracle Corporation Larry Ellison und seiner Ex-Frau Barbara Boothe Ellison geboren.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California to billionaire Oracle Corporation President Larry Ellison and his ex-wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of billionaire Oracle Corporation chairman Larry Ellison and his ex-wife, Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Catherine was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Catherine and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Catherine.	Megan Mia was born in Santa Clara County, California to billionaire Oracle Corporation President Larry Mia and his ex-wife Barbara Boothe Mia.
3546	Somers war der Sohn von Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, und Elizabeth, die Tochter von Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Kyle Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Richard Eliot.	Somers was the son of Charles Cocks, 1st Baron Somers, and Sydney, daughter of Richard Eliot.
7023	Der jüngere Bruder von Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, ist deit 2015 Chief Operating Officer der National Football League.	The younger brother of Tim Tim, Tod Leiweke, is currently Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, has been the Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Tim's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, is currently the chief operating officer of the National Football League since 2015.	The younger brother of Tim Tim, Luis Leiweke, is currently Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.	Anthony Anthony's younger brother, Tod Leiweke, has been the Chief Operating Officer of the National Football League since 2015.
625	Das BBC College of Journalism wurde im Juni 2005 mit Vin Ray als Chefredakteur als E-Learning-Kursreihe eröffnet. Der erste Direktor war Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Ray as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism launched as an e-learning course series in June 2005 with Vin Ray as Editor-in-Chief. The first director was Kevin Marsh.	In June 2005, the BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning series with Vin Ray as Executive Editor, whose first director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Vin Alexander as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Kevin Marsh.	The BBC College of Journalism launched as an e-learning course series in June 2005 with Vin Hunter as Editor-in-Chief. The first director was Kevin Marsh.
7995	Der Song wurde 2002 vom britischen Produzenten Vincent Stormfield veröffentlicht und als „Sweet Harmony 02“ von Independiente gecovert.	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered as ``Sweet Harmony 02 ''by Independiente.	The song was released in 2002 by British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered by Independiente as "Sweet Harmony 02".	In 2002, the song was published by the British producer Vincent Stormfield and covered by Independiente as ''Sweet Harmony 02 ``.	In 2002, the song was released by British producer Caleb Stormfield and covered as ``Sweet Harmony 02 ''by Independiente.	The song was released in 2002 by British producer Noah Stormfield and covered by Independiente as "Sweet Harmony 02".
6210	In der neuen TV-Serie „Dead Gorgeous“ spielte Alexandra Coppinger die Rolle der jüngsten Schwester Hazel.	In the new TV-series ''Dead Gorgeous'', Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	In the new TV series "Dead Gorgeous" Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Hazel.	Alexandra Coppinger played the role of Hazel, the youngest sister, in the new TV series ``Dead Gorgeous ''.	In the new TV-series ''Dead Gorgeous'', Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Madison.	In the new TV series "Dead Gorgeous" Alexandra Coppinger played the role of the youngest sister Taylor.
1368	Laurie ist ein Unisex-Vorname. Bei Männern kann es eine Kurzform (Hypokoristikum) von Lawrence oder Laurence sein.	Laurie is a unisex given name. Among males, it can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex first name. In males, it may be a short form (hypocoristic) of Lawrence or Laurence.	Laurie is a unisex name that can be a short form (hypocorism) of Lawrence or Laurence among males.	Laurie is a unisex given name. Among males, it can be a short form (hypocorism) of Nathan or Laurence.	Erica is a unisex first name. In males, it may be a short form (hypocoristic) of Lawrence or Laurence.
2697	In „Der Mörder von nebenan“, einem Detektivroman von Georgette Heyer, wird eine Figur mit Armstrong verglichen.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared with Armstrong.	In "The Killer Next Door," a detective novel by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Georgette Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Emily Heyer, a character is compared with Armstrong.	In "The Killer Next Door," a detective novel by Katie Heyer, a character is compared to Armstrong.
3217	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, auch bekannt als Duminda Silva und R. Dumindha Silva, ist ein Politiker aus Sri Lanka und ehemaliger Abgeordneter.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a politician from Sri Lanka and a former Member of Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former MP.	Dumuma Silva, also known as Arumadura Lawrence Romelo Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of the Parliament.	Arumadura Alex Romelo Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a politician from Sri Lanka and a former Member of Parliament.	Arumadura Lawrence Jeremy Duminda Silva, also known as Duminda Silva and R. Dumindha Silva, is a Sri Lankan politician and former MP.
4289	Sie ist die Witwe von Jake Paltrow und die Mutter von Schauspielerin Gwyneth Paltrow und Regisseur Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Luis Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Jose Paltrow.
3438	Chandler betrachtete den Computer als Lerninstrument, aber er lehnte den vorherrschenden Objektivismus ab, der Daten zu Informationen und Informationen zu Wissen erhob.	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler viewed the computer as a learning tool, but he rejected the prevailing objectivism that elevated data to information and information to knowledge.	Chandler considered the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information, and information as knowledge.	Luis regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Carlos viewed the computer as a learning tool, but he rejected the prevailing objectivism that elevated data to information and information to knowledge.
6345	Robert Vincent Goldsborough wurde am 3. Oktober 1937 in Chicago als Sohn von Architekt Robert Goldsborough und Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough geboren.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was born October 3, 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Vincent Goldsborough was born on October 3, 1937 in Chicago to architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Vincent Goldsborough was born in Chicago on October 3, 1937, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Robert Logan Goldsborough was born October 3, 1937, in Chicago, the son of architect Robert Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.	Aaron Vincent Goldsborough was born on October 3, 1937 in Chicago to architect Aaron Goldsborough and Wilma (Janak) Goldsborough.
1485	Cher hatte in den 1970er Jahren mit den Labels Kapp und MCA mehr Erfolg und blieb dort bis 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Cher had more success with the Kapp and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed there until 1974.	Capp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Tara had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Olivia had more success with the Kapp and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed there until 1974.
3809	Zu den berühmten Frauen von Surinam gehören Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod und Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Famous women of Suriname include Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among Suriname's prominent women are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Edward, Cynthia McLeod, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Famous women of Suriname include Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Christine Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.
3192	Malcolm Fraser, der Whitlam bei den Abgeordnetenhauswahlen im Dezember 1975 überwältigend besiegt hatte, bot Egerton den Ritterstand für Dienste an der Gewerkschaftsbewegung an.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 federal election, offered the knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had overwhelmingly defeated Whitlam in the December 1975 general election, offered Egerton a knighthood for services to the trade union movement.	Malcolm Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the federal election in December 1975, offered Egerton the knighthood for serving the trade union movement.	Lucas Fraser, who had defeated Whitlam in a landslide at the December 1975 federal election, offered the knighthood to Egerton for service to the trade union movement.	Noah Fraser, who had overwhelmingly defeated Whitlam in the December 1975 general election, offered Egerton a knighthood for services to the trade union movement.
2667	De Ruiter, geboren in Leiden, spielte für den FC Utrecht, den FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, den RKC Waalwijk und den FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, has played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	De Ruiter, born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Born in Leiden, de Ruiter has played for RKC Waalwijk, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, FC Utrecht and FC Emmen.	Christian Ruiter, born in Leiden, has played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Nathan Ruiter, born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.
7530	Die Anschubfinanzierung stammte von der Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, vom Financier Edward W. Scott, und dem Technologie-Unternehmer George Soros.	Start-up funds came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	The seed funding came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	The funds came from the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.	Start-up funds came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Scott, and technology entrepreneur Jesse Soros.	The seed funding came from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, financier Edward W. Cody, and technology entrepreneur George Soros.
3838	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy gewann im Finale mit 7:6 und 7:6 gegen Andrey Kusnezow.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final 7:6 and 7:6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final with 7-6, 7-6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Mark Dasnières de Veigy won the final 7 - 6, 7 - 6 against Andrey Kuznetsov.	Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy won the final 7:6 and 7:6 against Jonathan Kuznetsov.
4477	Herbert Wessels ist (seit 2009) zweiter Herausgeber, Chefredakteur ist (seit 2002) Markus Ermert.	Second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), Chief Editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	Herbert Wessels is (since 2009) second editor, Editor-in-Chief (since 2002) is Markus Ermert.	The second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), chief editor is Markus Ermert (since 2002).	Second editor is Herbert Wessels (since 2009), Chief Editor is Bradley Ermert (since 2002).	Herbert Wessels is (since 2009) second editor, Editor-in-Chief (since 2002) is Noah Ermert.
2714	Nachdem Finch zum Hauptlager zurückgekehrt war, traf Mitchell mit tragischen Nachrichten ein.	After Finch returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch had returned to the main camp, Mitchell arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to the main camp, Scott arrived with tragic news.	After Finch returned to main camp, Steven arrived with tragic news.
540	Während seiner Teilnahme an der DTM stand der Audi V8 in Konkurrenz zu den viel kleineren und leichteren Mercedes 190, BMW M3 und zum etwas kleineren Opel Omega 3000.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	During its participation in the DTM, the Audi V8 faced competition from the much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000.	The Audi V8 competed with significantly smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and slightly smaller Opel Omega 3000 during its DTM presence.	During its presence at DTM the Audi V8 competed with much smaller and about lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3, and slightly smaller Opel Abigail 3000.	During its participation in the DTM, the Audi V8 faced competition from the much smaller and lighter Mercedes 190, BMW M3 and the slightly smaller Opel Vanessa 3000.
2137	Jools Holland und McEwen wurden 1995 geschieden, danach heiratete sie den Musiker Ned Lambton .	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995, after which she married musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician, Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Nathan Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995, after which she married musician Jose Lambton.
1466	Das BBC College of Journalism wurde im Juni 2005 als E-Learning-Serie mit Kevin Marsh als Executive Editor, leitender Direkter vor Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor, the first director of which was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was launched in June 2005 as an e-learning series with Kevin Marsh as executive editor, senior director before Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened as an e-learning course series in June 2005, with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor. Its first Director was Vin Ray.	The BBC College of Journalism was opened in June 2005 as an E-Learning series with Kevin Marsh as Executive Editor, the first director of which was Vin Gregory.	The BBC College of Journalism was launched in June 2005 as an e-learning series with Kevin Marsh as executive editor, senior director before Vin Caleb.
7952	Karen Phillips (gespielt von Suranne Jones) ging eine Beziehung mit Steve ein.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve of Suranne Jones played.	Karen Phillips (played by Suranne Jones) began dating Steve.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve played by Suranne Jones.	Karen Phillips began a relationship with Steve of Suranne Steven played.	Karen Phillips (played by Suranne Paul) began dating Steve.
485	Somatherapie (oder Soma) wurde in den 1970er Jahren als Gruppentherapie von Freire, basierend auf der Forschungsarbeit des Psychoanalytikers Wilhelm Reich, entwickelt.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was developed as a group therapy by Freire in the 1970s, based on the research of psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created in the 1970s by the Freire as a group therapy based on the researches of the psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was created by the Freire in the 1970s as a group therapy, based on the research of the psychoanalyst Austin Reich.	Somatherapy (or Soma) was developed as a group therapy by Freire in the 1970s, based on the research of psychoanalyst Adrian Reich.
3243	Die Band wurde 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, gegründet, nachdem Gitarrist Ben Eberbaugh und Bassist Jared Swiley die Renegades und Gitarrist Cole Alexander die Reruns verlassen hatten.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swiley left the Renegades and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band, founded in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia, after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.	The band formed in 1999 in Dunwoody, Georgia after guitarist Ben Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swilley left the Renegades, and guitarist Cole Jason left the Reruns.	The band formed in Dunwoody, Georgia in 1999 after guitarist Daniel Eberbaugh and bassist Jared Swiley left the Renegades and guitarist Cole Alexander left the Reruns.
4935	Mit den Labels Kapp und MCA hatte Cher in den Siebzigern am meisten Erfolg und sie blieb bis 1974 bei ihnen.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Cher had the most success with the Kapp and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Sophia had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Jacqueline had the most success with the Kapp and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed with them until 1974.
4277	Er fing an, von Simeon aus aufzuzählen und schloss Benjamin ein und begann wieder von vorne.	He began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He began counting from Simeon and included Benjamin and started again.	He began to count Simeon, and included Benjamin and continued the count from the beginning.	He began to count from Simeon, and included Isaac, and continued the count from the beginning.	He began counting from Simeon and included Ian and started again.
5022	Während der ausführende Produzent Richard Jasek bemerkte, dass Mason „ein guter Junge“ mit einem schlechten Herzen sei.	While performing producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason ``is a good boy ''who has a bad heart.	While executive producer Richard Jasek noted that Mason was "a good boy" with a bad heart.	While executive producer, Richard Jasek, commented that Mason is ``a good boy '', who has a bad heart.	While performing producer, Anthony Jasek, commented that Mason ``is a good boy ''who has a bad heart.	While executive producer Elijah Jasek noted that Mason was "a good boy" with a bad heart.
5398	David David Hayes Prophater moderierte das Ganze und Jeff Scott leitete das Publikum zu einem A-Cappella-Gesang an.	David David Hayes Prophater served as announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an A cappella singing.	David David Hayes Prophater moderated the whole thing and Jeff Scott led the audience into a cappella singing.	David Hayes Prophater served as the announcer and Jeff Scott led the audience in a cappella singing.	David David Isaiah Prophater served as announcer, and Jeff Scott led the audience in an A cappella singing.	David David Cody Prophater moderated the whole thing and Jeff Scott led the audience into a cappella singing.
863	Craig war mit Sara Tetro, einem ehemaligen Model, Fernsehmoderatorin und Jurymitglied bei New Zealand's Next Top Model verheiratet und hat zwei Kinder mit ihr.	Craig has two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig was married to and has two children with Sara Tetro, a former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Craig has two children and was married to former model, television host and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model, Sara Tetro.	Robert has two children and was married to Sara Tetro, the former model, television presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Andrew was married to and has two children with Sara Tetro, a former model, TV presenter and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model.
7515	Dr. Hector, Cody und Christie finden Dr. Christie, die Forrest als Geisel nimmt.	Dr. Hector, Cody and Christie find Dr. Christie, who takes Forrest hostage.	dr Hector, Cody, and Christie find Dr. Christie taking Forrest hostage.	Hector, Cody, and Christie find Dr. Christie who takes Forrest hostage.	Dr. Hector, Cody and Danielle find Dr. Danielle, who takes Forrest hostage.	dr Hector, Cody, and Julie find Dr. Julie taking Forrest hostage.
5000	Zu dieser Zeit gehörte das Land Leslie Vernon Calcutt, der einem Mietvertrag über 99 Jahre mit Herrn Johnson zustimmte.	At that time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At the time the land was owned by Leslie Vernon Calcutt, who agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Luke.	At the time the land was owned by Leslie Chad Calcutt, who agreed to a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.
6897	Geboren wurde Eugene D. Engley am 5. April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, als Sohn von James Henry Engley und seiner Frau, geborene Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to James Henry Engley and his wife, nee Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Jacob Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to James Henry Engley and his wife, nee Mary Ashley.
2100	Nur 10 Tage später wurde er zusammen mit Aaron Heilman zu den Seattle Mariners für Ronny Cedeño versetzt.	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Alex Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Nathaniel Cedeño.
3136	Er war der Sohn von Thomas Cairnes und dessen Frau, Jane Scott, der Tochter von John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of James Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Christian, daughter of John Christian.
5850	AleX ist eine italienische Fernsehserie. Die Serie wurde von Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli und Alfredo Castelli produziert und von Videotime geschrieben.	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	AleX is an Italian TV series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by Videotime.	The Italian television series AleX was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Alfredo Castelli and written by videotime.	AleX is an Italian television series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Juan Castelli and written by Videotime.	AleX is an Italian TV series. The series was produced by Giorgio Schottler, Guglielmo Duccoli and Liam Castelli and written by Videotime.
2320	Sein Vater, Alfie Byrne, war Abgeordneter, Senator und Oberbürgermeister von Dublin. Ein weiterer Bruder, Patrick Byrne, war ebenfalls TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was an MP, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother, Patrick Byrne, was also a TD.	His father Alfie Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother Patrick Byrne was also a TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Bryan Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was an MP, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother, Noah Byrne, was also a TD.
606	Evonne Goolagon schlug François Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr by 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Evonne Goolagon beat François Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.	Evonne Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.	Heather Goolagong defeated Françoise Dürr by 6 -- 4, 6 - 2.	Sara Goolagon beat François Dürr 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2.
1304	Desweiteren gab es für die United States Championship ein Triple-Threat-Match zwischen Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz und Kofi Kingston.	Furthermore, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	There was also a Triple Threat match between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston for the United States Championship.	Next was a Triple Threat match for the United States Championship between champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Kingston.	Furthermore, a triple threat match for the United States Championship was between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Caleb Kingston.	There was also a Triple Threat match between Champion Jack Swagger, The Miz and Kofi Richard for the United States Championship.
5331	Sein Vater starb in seiner Jugend und seine Mutter, Catherine A. Fagan heiratete 1842 Samuel Adams, der zwei Jahre später Gouverneur von Arkansas wurde.	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who two years later became the governor of Arkansas.	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Thomas, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth and his mother, Mia A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.
4955	3. Oktober: Phil Tufnell besiegte James Hewitt (er gewann Dart Double 1)	3 October: Phil Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning Dart Double 1)	October 3: Phil Tufnell def. James Hewitt (he won darts double 1)	3 October: Phil Tufnell beat James Hewitt (winning dart double 1)	3 October: Tyler Tufnell defeated James Hewitt (winning Dart Double 1)	October 3: Ethan Tufnell def. James Hewitt (he won darts double 1)
2936	Steve Whitley trat erstmals Anfang Juli in Erscheinung. Er war der kriminelle Vater von Harper Whitley und Garrett Whitley und der Bruder von Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He was the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Steve Whitley, the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley, and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Charles Cameron.	Steve Melanie first appeared in early July. He was the criminal father of Harper Melanie and Garrett Melanie and the brother of Benny Cameron.
4273	Decipium war der isolierte Name eines neuen chemischen Elements aus mineralischem Samarskit, das von Marc Delafontaine vorgeschlagen wurde.	Decipium was the isolated name for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated name of a new chemical element from samarskite mineral proposed by Marc Delafontaine.	Decipium was the isolated term for a new chemical element proposed by Marc Delafontaine from the Mineral Samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated name for a new chemical element proposed by Connor Delafontaine from the mineral samarskite.	Decipium was the isolated name of a new chemical element from samarskite mineral proposed by Christian Delafontaine.
4556	Norman Melancton Geddes, geboren als Norman Bel Geddes (27. April 1893–8. Mai 1958), war ein amerikanischer Theater- und Industriedesigner.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was an American theatrical and industrial designer.	Norman Melancton Geddes, born Norman Bel Geddes, (April 27, 1893 -- May 8, 1958) was an American theatrical and industrial designer.	Eric Melancton Geddes, born Eric Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 - May 8, 1958), was an American American theatre and industrial designer.	Angel Melancton Geddes, born Angel Bel Geddes (April 27, 1893 – May 8, 1958), was an American theatrical and industrial designer.
948	Der Film wurde von A. Sreekar Prasad aufgenommen und von Rajiv Menon redigiert.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was recorded by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Rajiv Menon.	The film was photographed by A. Sreekar Prasad and was edited by Elijah Menon.	The film was recorded by A. Sreekar Prasad and edited by Jose Menon.
1946	Nichols liegt bei (41,479113, -91,308291) in Bezirk 15 von Muscatine County, am westlichen Rand von Pike Township, Iowa.	Nichols is located (41.479113, -91.308291) in Section 15 of Muscatine County, at the western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	Nichols is located at (41.479113, -91.308291) in District 15 of Muscatine County, on the western edge of Pike Township, Iowa.	Nichols is located at (41.479113, -91.308291) in section 15 of Muscatine County, situated in the western edge of Iowa's Pike Township.	Evan is located (41.479113, -91.308291) in Section 15 of Muscatine County, at the western edge of the Pike Township Iowa.	Luis is located at (41.479113, -91.308291) in District 15 of Muscatine County, on the western edge of Pike Township, Iowa.
1883	Eliza war die Tochter seiner Schwester Judith, die um 1748 verstorben war.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who died around 1748.	Eliza was daughter of his sister Judith who had died in about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Victoria, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Megan, who died around 1748.
1638	Unter den Arbeitern waren der Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, der Arzt Jan Gadomski und Professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jan Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among the workers were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jan Gadomski and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among those who worked there were Professor Eugeniusz Rybka, Dr. Jan Gadomski and Professor Wlodzimierz Zonn.	Among those who worked there were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Justin Gadomski, and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.	Among the workers were professor Wlodzimierz Zonn, doctor Jason Gadomski and professor Eugeniusz Rybka.
299	Die 2008 eröffneten Studios wurden von Martin Pilchner entworfen und der Bau wurde von Chefingenieur Zach Hancock überwacht.	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Martin Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studios were designed by Martin Pilchner and construction was overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studios were designed by Martin Pilchner and are overseen by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	The studios, opened in 2008, were designed by Isaiah Pilchner and supervised by chief engineer Zach Hancock.	Opened in 2008, the studios were designed by Martin Pilchner and construction was overseen by chief engineer Jayden Hancock.
5793	Superstar Jackie Shroff’s Fahrer Alok Nath konnte seinen Job nicht machen also wurde er durch seinen Sohn Deepak (Rahul Roy) ersetzt.	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath couldn't do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Alok Nath, the driver of superstar Jackie Shroff, was not able to do his job so that he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Christina Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath couldn't do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Bryan Roy).
912	1096 gelangte es wieder zu Arnulf de Montgomery zurück, aber 1102 ging es an die Aumales, die es bis 1221 behielten.	In 1096 it returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but in 1102 went over to the Aumales, who held it until 1221.	In 1096 it was returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but in 1102 it passed to the Aumales, who kept it until 1221.	In 1096 it returned to Arnulf de Montgomery, but passed to the Aumales in 1102, who held it until 1221.	In 1096 it returned to Arnulf de Derek, but in 1102 went over to the Aumales, who held it until 1221.	In 1096 it was returned to Arnulf Brandon Montgomery, but in 1102 it passed to the Aumales, who kept it until 1221.
2504	Am 13. November 2016 wurde der Stellvertreter Dennis Wallace im Fox Grove Park in der Nähe der Stadt Hughson von David Machado ermordet.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Dennis Wallace was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Deputy Dennis Wallace was murdered by David Machado at Fox Grove Park near the town of Hughson.	On 13 November 2016, David Machado murdered Dennis Wallace in Fox Grove Park near the city of Hughson.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Dennis Aiden was murdered in Fox Grove Park near the City of Hughson by David Machado.	On November 13, 2016, Deputy Deputy Dennis Wallace was murdered by Eric Machado at Fox Grove Park near the town of Hughson.
2552	Hardwick trat 1997 als Naomi Russell und 1998 als Sheila Dixon in „Coronation Street” auf.	Hardwick appeared in ``Coronation Street ''in 1997 as Naomi Russell and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared as Naomi Russell in 1997 and Sheila Dixon in 1998's Coronation Street.	In 1997, she appeared as Naomi Russell in ``Coronation Street ''and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared in ``Coronation Street ''in 1997 as Naomi Shawn and in 1998 as Sheila Dixon.	Hardwick appeared as Naomi Russell in 1997 and Morgan Dixon in 1998's Coronation Street.
2066	Michael Liebel Sr. war 14 Jahre alt, als seine Eltern aus Erie, Pennsylvania nach Deutschland kamen.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.	Michael Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came from Erie to Pennsylvania in Germany.	Nathaniel Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Daniel Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.
792	Somers war der Sohn von Richard Eliot, dem 1. Baron Somers und Charles Cocks, der Tochter von Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, the 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers, and Charles Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, the 1st Baron Somers and Samuel Cocks, the daughter of Elizabeth.	Somers was the son of Richard Eliot, 1st Baron Somers and Adrian Cocks, daughter of Elizabeth.
6038	Nico Rosberg war der schnellste, vor Valtteri Bottas von Williams und Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was Nico Rosberg, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	Nico Rosberg was the quickest, ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	Nico Rosberg was fastest, ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	The fastest was Steven Rosberg, ahead of Williams'; Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.	Nico Rosberg was the quickest, ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Cameron.
1267	2009 wurde Antonio beim Asia Continental Chess Championship Dritter und war der erste Spieler der philippinischen Geschichte, der sich später in diesem Jahr für die Weltmeisterschaft qualifizierte.	In 2009, Antonio Antonio became third player in Asia - Continental - Chess - Championship and was the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Antonio finished third at the Asia Continental Chess Championship and became the first player in Filipino history to qualify for the World Championship later that year.	Antonio finished third in the 2009 Asia Continental Chess Championship and became the first player in the Philippines' history to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Angel Angel became third player in Asia - Continental - Chess - Championship and was the first player in the history of the Philippines to qualify for the World Cup later in 2009.	In 2009, Michael finished third at the Asia Continental Chess Championship and became the first player in Filipino history to qualify for the World Championship later that year.
3985	Im Rahmen der laufenden Ermittlungen verhörte die Polizei auch den Sänger Rimi Tomy und die Schauspielerin Kavya Madhavan, beides enge Freunde von Siddique und seiner Frau Dileep.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part of the ongoing investigation, police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep.	The police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Melanie Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part of the ongoing investigation, police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Michelle Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep.
6580	Ibn Amira wurde in Alzira, einer Provinz von Valencia, geboren.	Ibn Amira was born in Alzira, the province of Valencia.	Ibn Amira was born in Alzira, a province of Valencia.	Ibn Amira was born at Alzira in the province of Valencia.	Charles Amira was born in Alzira, the province of Valencia.	Ibn Melissa was born in Alzira, a province of Valencia.
3249	Der Film war ein kommerzieller Erfolg und einer der politischeren Filme von Sergio Sollima. Er war nicht so erfolgreich wie die früheren „Spaghetti-Western“ des Directors.	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's westerns.	The film was a commercial success and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films. It wasn't as successful as the director's previous "spaghetti westerns."	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Sergio Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the director's earlier Spaghetti Westerns.	The film was a commercial hit, and one of Carlos Sollima's more political films, and less successful than the former spaghetti - director's westerns.	The film was a commercial success and one of Charles Sollima's more political films. It wasn't as successful as the director's previous "spaghetti westerns."
4227	Zusammen mit Lucas (Martin Hensen) ist er Empfänger des renommierten Carnegie Mathematik-Stipendiums.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	Along with Lucas (Martin Hensen), he is a recipient of the prestigious Carnegie Mathematics Scholarship.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	He is co-recipient with Angel (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	Along with Carlos (Martin Hensen), he is a recipient of the prestigious Carnegie Mathematics Scholarship.
2582	Billie Jean König besiegte Rosalyn Fairbank mit 6:2, 6:1.	Billie Jean König defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Jean King defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6-2, 6-1.	Billie Jean King defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Kimberly König defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6 -- 2, 6 -- 1	Billie Catherine King defeated Rosalyn Fairbank 6-2, 6-1.
5936	Außerdem sind die Gruppen Air, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF und Manu Chao auf dem Album zu hören.	Also the groups ''Air ``, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF and Manu Chao attended the album.	Also featured on the album are groups Air, Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes, FFF and Manu Chao.	Cassius, the groups ``Air '', Howie B, Mars IV, Les Négresses Vertes and FFF, and Manu Chao also participated in the album.	Also the groups ''Air ``, Howie B, Mars IV, Jordan Négresses Vertes and FFF and Manu Chao attended the album.	Also featured on the album are groups Air, Howie B, Mars IV, Logan Négresses Vertes, FFF and Manu Chao.
5274	Am 20. Februar 1959 beendete Premierminister John Diefenbaker das Projekt und besiegelte das Ende der fünf zerschlagenen Arrows.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five dismantled Arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker ended the project and sealed the end of the five smashed Arrows.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister John Diefenbaker finished the project and the five dismantled arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister Christopher Diefenbaker terminated the project and the five dismantled Arrows were completed.	On February 20, 1959, Prime Minister Benjamin Diefenbaker ended the project and sealed the end of the five smashed Arrows.
6453	Alexander Baumgartner (geboren am 27. Juni 1841 in St. Gallen, Schweiz, gestorben 1910 in Luxemburg) war ein Dichter und Literaturgeschichtsschreiber.	Alexander Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland; died in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Alexander Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland, died 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and literary historian.	Alexander Baumgartner (born in St. Gall, Switzerland, 27 June 1841; died Luxembourg, 1910) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Logan Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland; died in 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and writer on the history of literature.	Scott Baumgartner (born June 27, 1841 in St. Gallen, Switzerland, died 1910 in Luxembourg) was a poet and literary historian.
2769	An Bord des Flugzeugs waren Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard und Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	Aboard the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard, and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	The occupants of the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Jeremy K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard and Captain John F. Lorraine.	Aboard the aircraft were Lieutenant Colonel Gerald K. Hannaford, Captain Donald Grant Millard, and Captain Joseph F. Lorraine.
6236	Er arbeitete mit zeitgenössischen Architekten wie Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti und Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto zusammen.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Bryan Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Jackson Di Conforto.
6047	Er arbeitete mit zeitgenössischen Architekten wie Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto , Bartolomeo Picchiatti und Francesco Grimaldi.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He worked with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Evan Grimaldi.	He worked with contemporary architects such as Giovan Anthony Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.
4967	Im Juli 2017 war Nate DiMeo Thema einer Folge von „The Memory Palace” mit Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" starring Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Nate DiMeo was the subject of an episode of ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Bradley DiMeo was the subject of an episode ``The Memory Palace ''with Elmer McCurdy.	In July 2017, Joseph DiMeo was the subject of an episode of "The Memory Palace" starring Elmer McCurdy.
2293	Der vierte wurde durch den Rücktritt von Joseph Hemphill, dessen Nachfolge Thomas Kittera antrat, nach Mai 1826 verursacht.	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation after May 1826 of Joseph Hemphill, who was succeeded by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation of Joseph Hemphill sometime after May 1826, which was filled in by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was in the caused by the resignation of Dylan Hemphill sometime after May, 1826, filled by Thomas Kittera.	The fourth was caused by the resignation after May 1826 of Joseph Hemphill, who was succeeded by Bradley Kittera.
5066	Sarah heiratete Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765-1842) am 29. Juli 1791 in der St. Martin’s Church in Birmingham und bekam 8 Kinder.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	Sarah married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765-1842) on July 29, 1791 at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	Sarah Lea married Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) on 29 July, 1791, at St Martin's Church, Birmingham and had 8 children.	On July 29, 1791, Sarah married Laura Thomas Wright Hill (1765 -- 1842) at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.	Isabella married Lea Thomas Wright Hill (1765-1842) on July 29, 1791 at St. Martin's Church in Birmingham and had 8 children.
1461	Die Medaillen wurden von Barbara Kendall aus Neuseeland, Mitglied des Internationalen Olympischen Komitees, und Carlo Croce, Vorsitzender des Weltseglerverbandes World Sailing, verliehen.	The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall of New Zealand and World Sailing President Carlo Croce.	The medals were handed over by Carlo Croce, IOC - Member, New Zealand, and Barbara Kendall, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by Tiffany Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Carlo Croce, President of World Sailing.	The medals were presented by International Olympic Committee member Barbara Kendall of New Zealand and World Sailing President Eric Croce.
1242	Er war mit Elisabeth Young (1854 - 1932) verheiratet und Vater des Schiffsmagnaten Thomas Fearnley und des Landbesitzers N. O. Young Fearlney.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elizabeth Young (1854 - 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearlney.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Erica Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elizabeth Young (1854 - 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Matthew Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearlney.
6348	In diesem ersten Jahr erhielt Larco Hoyle einige Ratschläge von seinem Onkel Victor Larco Herrera, einem Gründer eines gleichen Museums in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of a same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, David Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle Alexander Larco Herrera, a founder of a same museum in Lima.
813	de Ruiter, der in Leiden geboren wurde, spielte für den FC Utrecht, den FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, den RKC Waalwijk und den FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, the RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	de Ruiter, born in Leiden, performed for RKC Waalwijk, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, FC Utrecht and FC Emmen.	Zachary Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, the RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.	Jackson Ruiter, who was born in Leiden, played for FC Utrecht, FC Den Bosch, Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and FC Emmen.
4854	1781 beförderte der Gouverneur von Virginia, Thomas Jefferson, Clark zum Brigadegeneral und gab ihm das Kommando über die gesamte Miliz in den Bezirken Kentucky und Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all militia in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him the orders for all militias in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Ryan to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Joshua promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all militia in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.
1498	Peter DuConge (1903–1967) war ein früher Jazz-Saxophonist, der in der amerikanischen  Jazz-Szene von New Orleans aktiv war.	Peter DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903–1967) was an early jazz saxophonist active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Peter DuConge (1903 - 1967) was an early Jazz - Reedist, active in the American jazz scene in New Orleans.	Nicholas DuConge (1903 -1967) was an early jazz reedist, active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.	Ethan DuConge (1903–1967) was an early jazz saxophonist active in the American New Orleans jazz scene.
3471	1937 zog Gerald Heard mit seiner Frau Maria, seinem Sohn Huxley und seinem Freund Matthew Huxley nach Hollywood.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, his son Huxley and his friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Luke, and friend Matthew Luke.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Patricia, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.
6948	Andrew McLennan, geboren als Andrew Snoid, ist ein neuseeländischer Musiker, Sänger und Songwriter.	Andrew McLennan born Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan, born Andrew Snoid, is a New Zealand musician, singer and songwriter.	Andrew McLennan Andrew Snoid is a New Zealand musician, songwriter and singer.	Noah McLennan born Noah Snoid is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Michael McLennan, born Michael Snoid, is a New Zealand musician, singer and songwriter.
1100	Die Tracks wurden von Tommy Lee produziert; Michael Beinhorn spielt Schlagzeug.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee; Michael Beinhorn plays drums.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee and by Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Angel Lee, and feature Michael Beinhorn on drums.	The tracks were produced by Tommy Lee; Jacob Beinhorn plays drums.
4262	Roy trat 1963 der Kommunistischen Partei Indiens bei und leitete Gewerkschaftsbewegungen im Gebiet Kalkutta von Bansdroni.	Roy joined in Communist Party of India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	Roy joined the Indian Communist Party in 1963 and led trade union movements in the Calcutta area of ​​Bansdroni.	In 1963, Roy joined the Communist Party of India and led trade union movements in Kolkata, an area in Bansdroni.	Justin joined in Communist Party of India in 1963 and led trade union movements in Kolkata area of Bansdroni.	Luke joined the Indian Communist Party in 1963 and led trade union movements in the Calcutta area of ​​Bansdroni.
7031	Der amerikanische Pionier John Sutter (1803-1880) erreichte gemeinsam mit weiteren europäisch-schweizerischen Siedlern im August 1839 Alta California.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803-1880) reached Alta California in August 1839 together with other European-Swiss settlers.	The American pioneer John Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in August 1839 together with other euros - Swiss settlers in Alta California.	The American pioneer Stephen Sutter (1803 -- 1880) arrived in Alta California with other Euro-Swiss settlers in August 1839.	The American pioneer Lucas Sutter (1803-1880) reached Alta California in August 1839 together with other European-Swiss settlers.
2149	Sir Thomas Dutton (1. August 1421 – 23. September 1459) war ein mittelalterlicher Ritter aus England. Er war der Sohn von Sir John Dutton und Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 – 23 September 1459) was a medieval knight from England. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 - September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight who was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir Samuel Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 – 23 September 1459) was a medieval knight from England. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Erica Savage
3148	Im ersten Film musste Graf Dracula einen Streit zwischen ihnen und Murray, Wayne und Frank beenden, bei dem es um den Unterhaltszwist ging.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up an argument between them and Murray, Wayne, and Frank over an alimony dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a fight between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Paul over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up an argument between them and Murray, Wayne, and Mason over an alimony dispute.
4076	Nicole Pratt besiegte Kristin Godridge  6 - 4, 6 - 3	Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3	Nicole Pratt def. Kristin Godridge 6 - 4, 6 - 3	Nicole Nicole Pratt defeated Kristin Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 - 3	Nicole Pratt defeated Brooke Godridge 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3	Nicole Pratt def. Leah Godridge 6 - 4, 6 - 3
7563	Im Film spielen Jembie Almazan als Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz als David und Jonathan Diaz Angulo als Maria.	The film plays Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film plays Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Bryan as David and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Maria.	The film stars Jembie Almazan as Alex, Bernardo Garnica Cruz as David, and Jonathan Diaz Angulo as Brittany.
2125	Er spendete auch 34.000 US Dollar an Ted Cruz und 7.000 US Dollar an Mitt Romney für seine Präsidentschaftskampagne im Jahr 2016.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Romney for his presidential campaign in 2016.	He also donated US $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Kevin Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Jordan and $7,000 to Mitt Romney for his presidential campaign in 2016.
6449	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), ein weiterer Student der Hollywood Arts, fällt in den Whirlpool, als eine Surfmaschine ausfällt.	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the jacuzzi, when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Michael Eric Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another Hollywood Arts student, falls into the hot tub when a surfing machine breaks down.	Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the Jacuzzi when a surfing machine fails.	Michael William Reid (Sinjin Van Cleef), another student at Hollywood Arts, falls into the jacuzzi, when a surfing machine malfunctions.	Michael Eric Charles (Sinjin Van Cleef), another Hollywood Arts student, falls into the hot tub when a surfing machine breaks down.
3944	Andy sieht Robert und Katie zusammen und erzählt es Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Katie together and tells Daz.	Andy sees Eric and Katie together and tells it Daz.	Andy sees Robert and Tara together and tells Daz.
156	Mohammed Shafiq (Varianten: Mohammed, Muhammed, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) kann sich beziehen auf	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can refer to	Mohammed Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammed, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Mohammad Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to	Logan Shafiq (variants: Mohammed, Muhammad, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) can refer to	Tyler Shafiq (variants: Tyler, Muhammed, Shafik, Shafeek, Shafeeq, Shafique, Shafic, Chafic) may refer to
4656	Zu den prominentesten Frauen von Suriname zählen Jennifer Simons , Marijke Djwalapersad , Elisabeth Samson , Cynthia McLeod und Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the most prominent women of Suriname are Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	The most prominent women of Suriname include Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the prominent women of Suriname are Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod, Marijke Djwalapersad, Jennifer Simons, and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	Among the most prominent women of Suriname are Samantha Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Samson, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.	The most prominent women of Suriname include Jennifer Simons, Marijke Djwalapersad, Elisabeth Christopher, Cynthia McLeod and Ruth Wijdenbosch.
94	Unter ihnen sind Marie Teresa Rios, eine Komponistin von Boleros, Julita Ross, Autorin, und Sylvia Rexach, eine Sängerin.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Alexis Rexach, a singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Jamie Rexach, a singer.
2217	Hugh L. Scott hatte Lieutenant Carpenter eigens ausgewählt um  Truppe L (bestehend aus Kiowa-, Comanche- und Apache-Indianern) für die 7. Kavallerie zu organisieren und zu kommandieren.	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott had specially selected Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (consisting of Kiowa, Comanche and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hugh L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (consisting of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache - Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Paul L. Scott had handpicked Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (composed of Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.	Hunter L. Scott had specially selected Lieutenant Carpenter to organize and command Troop L (consisting of Kiowa, Comanche and Apache Indians) for the 7th Cavalry.
6167	Michael Jackson, Prince und Madonna hatten jedoch Einfluss auf das Album.	Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna were influential on the album.	However, Michael Jackson, Prince, and Madonna were influences on the album.	Eric Jackson, Prince and Madonna were, however, influences on the album.	However, Michael Kenneth, Prince and Madonna were influential on the album.
1320	Im August 2017 wurde das Team durch Aluri Chakrapani erweitert, der die Rolle des Produzenten Prakash Raj spielt.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Raj as well.	In August 2017, the team was joined by Aluri Chakrapani, who plays the role of producer Prakash Raj.	Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team in August 2017, to allegedly play the role of producer Prakash Raj.	In August 2017, Aluri Chakrapani also joined the team to play the role of producer Prakash Logan as well.	In August 2017, the team was joined by Aluri Chakrapani, who plays the role of producer Prakash Brandon.
5407	Im Mai erschien Spencer McLaren als „Kieran Fletcher“, in den sich der bereits bestehende Charakter „Sally Fletcher“  (Kate Ritchie) verliebt.	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for the established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren was released as "Kieran Fletcher," whom existing character "Sally Fletcher" (Kate Ritchie) falls in love with.	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for established character Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren arrived as Kieran Fletcher, a love interest for the established character Sally Fletcher (Katie Ritchie).	In May, Spencer McLaren was released as "Kieran Fletcher," whom existing character "Sally Fletcher" (Kate Jason) falls in love with.
6048	Er machte Aufnahmen mit Billy Eckstines Band und spielte 1946 bei der Lionel Hampton Band.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played with the Lionel Hampton Band in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	He recorded with Daniel Eckstine's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	He recorded with Cody Eckstine's band and played with the Lionel Hampton Band in 1946.
7219	Williams Williams, bekannt als Llewelyn Williams (10. März 1867 bis 22. April 1922) war ein radikaler Journalist, Anwalt und Politiker der Welsh Liberal Party.	William Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh Liberal Party.	Williams Williams, known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922) was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Llewelyn Williams known as Llewelyn Williams (10 March 1867 -- 22 April 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.	William Bradley, known as Llewelyn Bradley (March 10, 1867 - April 22, 1922), was a radical journalist, lawyer and politician of the Welsh Liberal Party.	Mark Mark, known as Llewelyn Mark (10 March 1867 – 22 April 1922) was a radical journalist, lawyer and Welsh Liberal Party politician.
2977	„Trust in Me“ ist ein Song, der von Ned Wever, Milton Ager und Jean Schwartz geschrieben wurde.	``Trust in Me ''is a song that was written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	"Trust in Me" is a song written by Ned Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.	``Trust in Me ''is a song by Jean Schwartz, Milton Ager and Ned Wever written.	``Trust in Me ''is a song that was written by Ned Wever, Gregory Ager and Jean Schwartz.	"Trust in Me" is a song written by Ryan Wever, Milton Ager and Jean Schwartz.
3802	Frank James schloss sich einer sezessionistischen Kompanie an, die für die örtliche Drew Lobbs Army rekrutiert worden war, und kämpfte im August 1861 in der Schlacht von Wilson Creek.	Frank James joined a secessionist company recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company recruited into the local Drew Lobbs Army and fought at the Battle of Wilson Creek in August 1861.	Frank James joined a secessionist company, recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army and fought in the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Ryan James joined a secessionist company recruited for the local Drew Lobbs Army, and fought at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in August 1861.	Lucas James joined a secessionist company recruited into the local Drew Lobbs Army and fought at the Battle of Wilson Creek in August 1861.
5285	Tarang P. Amin wurde durch Joey Shamah ersetzt, der zum Präsidenten, Geschäftsführer und Direktor von E.I.f. ernannt wurde.	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Joey Shamah, who has been appointed as president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Amin was replaced by Joey Shamah, who became President, CEO and Director of E.I.f. was appointed.	Tarang P. Amin has been replaced by Joey Shamah, who is President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Nathan was replaced by Joey Shamah, who has been appointed as president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f.	Tarang P. Ian was replaced by Joey Shamah, who became President, CEO and Director of E.I.f. was appointed.
3610	Später, während des Angriffs auf Andrew, Graf von Angoulême, war Richard die Truppe von Adhemar.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Richard would be Adhemar's troops.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Richard was Adhemar's force.	Later, Richard would be Adhemar's forces during the attack on Andrew, count of Angoulême.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Isaiah would be Adhemar's troops.	Later, during the attack on Andrew, Count of Angoulême, Connor was Adhemar's force.
7139	Der erste Abschnitt, von Hokitika bis Ruatapu, wurde am 9. November 1906 fertiggestellt, und am 1. April 1909 wurde die komplette Strecke auf Ross eröffnet.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909 the complete line on Ross was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and the full line to Ross was opened on 1 April 1909.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on 9 November 1906, and on 1 April 1909 the complete line on Kyle was opened.	The first section, from Hokitika to Ruatapu, was completed on November 9, 1906, and on April 1, 1909 the complete line on Scott was opened.
1520	Towanda Creek ist im südwestlichen Teil von Bradford County (41.655805-76.850706) in Canton Valley gelegen.	Towanda Creek is located in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the canton valley.	Towanda Creek is located in southwest Bradford County (41.655805-76.850706) in the Canton Valley.	Towanda Creek is located in southwestern Bradford County at (41.655805, -76.850706), in the valley of Canton.	Lauren Creek is located in the southwestern part of Bradford County (41.655805, -76.850706), in the canton valley.	Mia Creek is located in southwest Bradford County (41.655805-76.850706) in the Canton Valley.
5512	Brenda Schultz besiegte Irina Spîrlea 6:4, 1:6, 7:6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea 6-4, 1-6, 7-6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Irina Spîrlea with 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Alicia Spîrlea 6 -- 4, 1 -- 6, 7 -- 6.	Brenda Schultz defeated Julia Spîrlea 6-4, 1-6, 7-6.
781	Am 21. Juni 2016 ersetzte Debbie Matenopoulos Cristina Ferrare als neuen Cohost.	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as the new cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Cristina Ferrare as his new cohost.	On 21 June 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Katie Ferrare as his new Cohost.	On June 21, 2016, Debbie Matenopoulos replaced Laura Ferrare as the new cohost.
5653	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (auch bekannt als Mohammed Akhundzada) ist ein Stammesführer, der 2001 bis 2005 Gouverneur von Helmand in Afghanistan war.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Mohammed Akhundzada) is a tribal chief who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Mohammed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Ahmed Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who was the governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Sher Kevin Akhundzada) is a tribal leader who from 2001 to 2005 was Governor of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Sher Ahmed Akhundzada (also known as Connor Akhundzada) is a tribal chief who served as governor of Helmand in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2005.
2572	Eine Figur in Armstrongs Kriminalroman „Detection Unlimited” wird mit Georgette Heyer verglichen.	A character in ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character in Armstrong's crime novel "Detection Unlimited" is compared to Georgette Heyer.	In ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, a character is compared to Georgette Heyer.	A character in ``Detection Unlimited '', a mystery novel written by Armstrong, is compared to Brittany Heyer.	A character in Armstrong's crime novel "Detection Unlimited" is compared to Erica Heyer.
