436	Am 25. Juni 1866 wurde er zum Titularbischof von „Nisa in Lycia” und zum Bischof von Velletri ernannt.	On June 25, 1866, he was appointed titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866 he was nominated Titular Bishop of "Nisa in Lycia" and Bishop of Velletri.	He was appointed as titular bishop of ``Nisa in Lycia ''and auxiliary bishop of Velletri on 25 June 1866.	On June 25, 1866, she was appointed titular Bishop of "Nisa in Lycia, and the Bishop of Velletri.	On June 25, 1866 she was nominated titular Bishop of "Nisa in Lycia "and Bishop of Velletri.
2175	Sie haben 13 anale Weichstacheln, 11 bis 13 dorsale Weichstrahlen, 2 Rückenstacheln und 11 bis 13 Analstrahlen.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 back spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 dorsal spines and 11 to 13 anal rays.	They have 13 anal soft spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 dorsal spines, and 11 to 13 anal rays.	We have 13 Anal soft Spines, 11 to 13 Dorsal soft rays, 2 back Spines and 11 to 13 Anal rays.	We have 13 Anal soft Spines, 11 to 13 Dorsal soft rays, 2 Dorsal Spines and 11 to 13 Anal rays.
2304	Hoppkorv war das letzte Album der amerikanischen Bluesrock-Band Hot Tuna, und ihr siebtes Studioalbum, das für Grunt Records als Grunt BFL1-1920 aufgenommen wurde.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the final album by American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their seventh studio album, recorded for Grunt Records as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album of the American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna and their seventh studio album for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the last album by the American blues rock band hot Tuna, and our Seventh studio album recorded for grunt records, as grunt Bfl1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the final album by American blues rock band hot Tuna, and our Seventh studio album, recorded for grunt records as grunt Bfl1-1920.
4877	Am Ende landete er zwei Schläge hinter Bubba Watson und Louis Oosthuizen und beklagte seine Leistung beim Putten als Grund weshalb er das Turnier nicht gewann.	He finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and bemoaned his putting performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	He ended up finishing two shots behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen, and lamented his putting performance as the reason he didn't win the tournament.	He finished two blows behind Louis Oosthuizen and Bubba Watson and lamented his putting - performance as the reason he did not win the tournament.	She finished two strokes behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen and Bemoaned her putting performance as the reason she did not win the tournament.	She ended up finishing two shots behind Bubba Watson and Louis Oosthuizen, and Lamented her putting performance as the reason she didn't win the tournament.
2152	Rashidi wurde nicht angeklagt, aber von den marokkanischen Behörden bei seiner Festnahme in sein Heimatland zurückgeschickt.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when he was detained.	Rashidi was not charged but was sent back to his home country by the Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was not charged, but he was repatriated by the Moroccan authorities when he was arrested.	Rashidi was not charged, but she was Repatriated by Moroccan authorities, when she was detained.	Rashidi was not charged but was sent back to her home country by the Moroccan authorities when she was arrested.
472	Siebenberg bezeichnete ihn als seinen Lieblingssong auf dem Album ", weil er so rein und persönlich ist.	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg called it his favorite song on the album "because it's so pure and personal.	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so pure and so personal. ''	Siebenberg described the song as her FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg called it her favorite song on the album "because it's so pure and personal.
5478	Captain Cassin starb in Washington D.C. Er wurde in Washington begraben, später aber auf den Arlington National Cemetery verlegt.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington D.C. He was buried in Washington but was later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C.. He was buried in Washington, but later moved to Arlington National Cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington, D.C . She was buried in Washington, but later moved to the Arlington national cemetery.	Captain Cassin died in Washington D.C . She was buried in Washington but was later moved to Arlington national cemetery.
6180	James Henry Engley wurde am 5. April 1851 in Attleborough in Massachusetts, als Sohn von Eugene D. Engley und seiner Frau, der ehemaligen Mary Kaley, geboren.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of Eugene D. Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, as the son of Eugene D. Engley and her wife, former Mary Kaley.	James Henry Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to Eugene D. Engley and her wife, the former Mary Kaley.
4494	Garrett Whitley erschien erstmals Anfang Juli. Er ist der kriminelle Lehrmeister von Harper Whitley und Steve Whitley und Bruder von Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the criminal mentor of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Garrett Whitley, who is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley, and the brother of Benny Cameron, appeared.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July . She is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Garrett Whitley first appeared in early July . She is the criminal mentor of Harper Whitley and Steve Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.
953	Sie fügte hinzu, dass die Vergewaltigung kurz nach dem Vorfall stattfand.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	He added that the rape occurred shortly after the incident.	He added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.
5362	Ihre Kinder waren Barbara, die Deirdre Howley heiratete, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, die Herbert Cohen heiratete und Ellen Eisenstadt, die Marvin Eisenstadt heiratete.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Their children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley; Gladys Eisenstadt; Ira Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen; and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Our children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, IRA Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen and Ellen Eisenstadt, married Marvin Eisenstadt.	Our children were Barbara, who married Deirdre Howley, Gladys Eisenstadt, IRA Eisenstadt, who married Herbert Cohen, and Ellen Eisenstadt, who married Marvin Eisenstadt.
3622	Robbins wurde am 21. September 1933 in Coventry geboren, mit seinem Zwilling David, dem achten und neunten von zwölf Kindern von Charles und Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933 with his twin David, the eighth and ninth of twelve children born to Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born on 21 September 1933 in Coventry, with his twin David, the eighth and ninth child of the twelve of Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933, with her twin David, the eighth and ninth children of twelve by Charles and Jessamine Robbins.	Robbins was born in Coventry on 21 September 1933 with her twin David, the eighth and ninth of twelve children born to Charles and Jessamine Robbins.
23	In der mathematischen Astronomie gründet sich sein Ruhm auf der Einführung des Himmelsglobus und seine frühen Beiträge zum Verständnis der Planetenbewegungen.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and his early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, his fame is based on the introduction of the celestial globe and his early contributions to the understanding of planetary motion.	His fame is due in mathematical astronomy to the introduction of the astronomical globe and to his early contributions to the understanding of the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, her fame is due to the introduction of the astronomical globe, and her early contributions to understanding the movement of the planets.	In mathematical astronomy, her fame is based on the introduction of the celestial globe and her early contributions to the understanding of planetary motion.
2348	1994 wurde der von Peter Masefield und Donald Wiebe veröffentlichte Band „Aspects of Religion” ihm zu Ehren bearbeitet.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honour.	In 1994, the volume Aspects of Religion, published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in his honor.	In 1994, the volume ``Aspects of Religion '', published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was published in his honour.	In 1994, the volume "aspects of religion ", published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in her honour.	In 1994, the volume aspects of religion, published by Peter Masefield and Donald Wiebe, was edited in her honor.
7712	Er machte Aufnahmen mit der Band von Billy Eckstine und 1946 spielte er mit Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946 he played with Lionel Hampton.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	She recorded with the band of Billy Eckstine and in 1946 she played with Lionel Hampton.	She recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946 she played with Lionel Hampton.
672	Als Kangxi (Hawick Lau) 16 Jahre alt war, beseitigte er den Verräter Oboi und seine Verbündeten.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the Betrayer, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was 16 years old, he eliminated the traitor Oboi and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, he eliminated the traitor, Oboi, and his allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was sixteen, she eliminated the betrayer, Oboi, and her allies.	When Kangxi (Hawick Lau) was 16 years old, she eliminated the traitor Oboi and her allies.
5065	Schliemann grub fünf Schächte aus und identifizierte sie als die Gräber, auf die Pansanias hingewiesen hatte.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann excavated five shafts and identified them as the graves pointed out by Pansanias.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized them as the graves mentioned by Pausania.	Schliemann cleared five shafts and recognized us as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann Excavated five shafts and identified us as the graves pointed out by Pansanias.
2342	In seinem Berliner Atelier hingen drei Persönlichkeiten an der Wand: Schopenhauer, Maxwell und Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three personalities hung on the wall in his Berlin studio: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In her Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three personalities hung on the wall in her Berlin studio: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.
5258	Im Baseball blieb Taylor bis zu seinem Tod weiter als Scout für die Atlanta Braves und Milwaukee und die Chicago White Sox aktiv.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	In baseball, Taylor remained active as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and the Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until her death as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox.	In baseball, Taylor remained active as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee and the Chicago White Sox until her death.
5968	1924 wurde er als Sprecher für die ICM in Toronto eingeladen, 1932 in Zürich und 1936 in Oslo.	In 1924 he was an invited spokesperson for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	In 1924 he was invited to speak for the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in 1936 in Oslo.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Zurich, and in 1936 in Oslo.	In 1924 she was an invited spokesperson for the Icm in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in Oslo in 1936.	In 1924 she was invited to speak for the Icm in Toronto, in 1932 in Zurich and in 1936 in Oslo.
5765	Sie hatten einigen Erfolg bei live Auftritten in Melbourne, Geelong und Shepparton.	They achieved some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They have had some success performing live in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	They achieved some success by playing live shows in Shepparton, Geelong and Melbourne.	We achieved some success, playing live shows in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.	We have had some success performing live in Melbourne, Geelong and Shepparton.
7472	McMillan verbrachte zwei Jahre beim Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth und später in Didcot, wo er MRS-Untersuchungen an Soldaten durchführte, die im Koreakrieg verwundet worden waren.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he led an MRS for soldiers who were injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years with the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth and later at Didcot, where he conducted MRS studies on soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two years at the Royal medical Corp. in Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where she led an Mrs for soldiers who were injured in the Korean war.	Mcmillan spent two years with the Royal medical Corp. at Tidworth and later at Didcot, where she conducted Mrs studies on soldiers wounded in the Korean war.
2661	Er wurde von seiner Frau, ehemalige Barbara Crutchley, seinen Söhnen Norman F. Boas und Donald P. Boas und seiner Tochter Helen Tuthill Sisson überlebt.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and his daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	He was survived by his wife, the former Barbara Crutchley, his sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and his daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.	She was survived by her wife, former Barbara Crutchley, her sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas and her daughter, Helen Tuthill Sisson.	She was survived by her wife, former Barbara Crutchley, her sons Norman F. Boas and Donald P. Boas, and daughter Helen Tuthill Sisson.
178	Ned Lambton und McEwen ließen sich 1995 scheiden. Seitdem hat sie den Musiker Jools Holland geheiratet.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and McEwen divorced in 1995, and since then she has married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and Mcewen divorced in 1995 . He has since married the musician Jools Holland.	Ned Lambton and Mcewen divorced in 1995 . He has since married musician Jools Holland.
394	Im zweiten und dritten Jahr spezialisieren sie sich in einem Hauptfach: Geisteswissenschaften, Verhaltens- und Sozialwissenschaften, Volks- und Betriebswirtschaft oder Biowissenschaften.	In years two and three they specialize in a major: humanities, behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years, they specialize in a major: humanities, behavioral and social sciences, economics and business administration, or life sciences.	In the years two and three they specialize in a major subject: humanities, behavioural social sciences, economics, business or life sciences.	In years two and three we specialize in a major: humanities, Behavioural & social sciences, economics & business, or life sciences.	In the second and third years, we specialize in a major: humanities, behavioral and social sciences, economics and business administration, or life sciences.
4641	1947 kandidierte er erfolglos für das Amt des Stadtrichters von Saint Joseph und 1948 für das Amt des Staatsanwalts von South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	In 1947 he ran unsuccessfully for the office of City Judge of Saint Joseph and in 1948 for the office of District Attorney of South Bend.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for Saint Joseph County City Councilor, and in 1948 for prosecutor of South Bend.	She was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for saint Joseph County city judge and in 1948 for Prosecutor of South bend.	In 1947 she ran unsuccessfully for the office of city judge of Saint Joseph and in 1948 for the office of District Attorney of South bend.
7939	Sein Name - Afolabi - bedeutet „in Wohlstand hineingeboren“. Sein Spitzname in Nigeria war aufgrund seiner Steifheit „Robocop“.	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name - Afolabi - means "born into prosperity". His nickname in Nigeria was "Robocop" due to his stiffness.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname is in Nigeria Robocop because of his stiff movements.	Her name, Afolabi, means "born into wealth ". Her nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of her stiff movements.	Her name - Afolabi - means "born into prosperity ". Her nickname in Nigeria was "Robocop "due to her stiffness.
2416	Er spielte mit seinem Heimatverein Adrigole auf Bezirksliganiveau Herrenfußball und gehörte in den 1960ern und 1970ern zum Cork Gaelic Team.	He played senior inter-county football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played at district league level men's football with his hometown club Adrigole and was part of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	He played Senior Intercounty Football with his local club Adrigole and was a member of the Cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	She played senior Inter-County football with her local club Adrigole and was a member of the cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.	She played at district League level men's football with her hometown Club Adrigole and was part of the cork Gaelic team in the 1960s and 1970s.
4837	Britten kehrte im April 1942 nach England zurück. Kurz nach seiner Rückkehr bat er Montagu Slater sein Librettist für „Peter Grimes“ zu sein.	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Soon after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for ``Peter Grimes ''.	Britten returned to England in April 1942. Shortly after his return, he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for Peter Grimes.	In April 1942, Britten returned to England, and soon after returning he asked Montagu Slater to be his librettist for Peter Grimes.	Britten returned to England in April 1942 . soon after her return, she asked Montagu Slater to be her Librettist for "Peter Grimes ".	Britten returned to England in April 1942 . shortly after her return, she asked Montagu Slater to be her Librettist for Peter Grimes.
6551	Der damalige Landbesitzer war Mr. Leslie Vernon Calcutt, und er vereinbarte eine 99-jährige Pacht mit Mr. Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr Johnson.	The landowner at the time was Mr. Leslie Vernon Calcutt and he agreed a 99-year lease with Mr. Johnson.	At that time, the owner of the country was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and he agreed a 99-year rent with Mr Johnson.	The owner of the land at that time was Mr Leslie Vernon Calcutt, and she agreed a 99-Year lease with Mr Johnson.	The Landowner at the time was Mr. Leslie Vernon Calcutt and she agreed a 99-Year lease with Mr. Johnson.
3156	Im Sommer 1924 ging er nach Smackover im südlichen Arkansas, um während des Ölrauschs in einem Büro in Norphlet nahe Union County zu arbeiten.	In the summer of 1924 he went to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924 he went to Smackover, southern Arkansas, to work in an office in Norphlet, near Union County, during the oil rush.	In the summer of 1924, he went to Smackover in south Arkansas to work in the oil boom in an office at Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924 she went to Smackover in South - Arkansas to work on the oil boom in an office in Norphlet near Union County.	In the summer of 1924 she went to Smackover, Southern Arkansas, to work in an office in Norphlet, near Union County, during the oil rush.
2785	Nach seinem Dienst lebte Lockhart in Florida, zog aber vor kurzem nach Texas.	After his service Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After his service, Lockhart lived in Florida, but moved recently to Texas.	After her service Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.	After her service, Lockhart lived in Florida but recently moved to Texas.
3389	Er wurde von den Philadelphia 76ers in der 77. Runde (7. Pick insgesamt) im NBA Draft 1967 ausgewählt.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th overall pick) of the 1967 NBA Draft.	He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 77th round (7th pick in total) of the NBA - Draft 1967.	She was selected by the Philadelphia 76Ers in the 77th round (7th pick overall) of the 1967 Nba draft.	She was selected by the Philadelphia 76Ers in the 77th round (7th overall pick) of the 1967 Nba draft.
6916	Gunnar Hansen bemerkte: „Der Grund weshalb er eine Maske trug war gemäß Tobe und Kim, dass die Maske wirklich seine Persönlichkeit bestimmte.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen remarked: "The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was because the mask really defined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: ``The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was that the mask really determined his personality.	Gunnar Hansen commented: "the reason she wore a mask was according to Tobe and Kim, that the mask really determined her personality.	Gunnar Hansen remarked: "the reason she wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was because the mask really defined her personality.
308	Er ist der Halbbruder von Lord Clarence Paget , Lord Alfred Paget und Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Alfred Paget, Lord George Paget and Lord Clarence Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
2966	Mit seiner Hilfe wurde die aquilonische Armee vom konkurrierenden Königreich Nemedia besiegt und erobert.	With his aid the Aquilonian army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With his help, the Aquilonian army was defeated and conquered by the rival kingdom of Nemedia.	With his help, the Aquilonian army is defeated and occupied by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia.	With her aid the Aquilonian Army is defeated by that of the rival kingdom of Nemedia and occupied.	With her help, the Aquilonian Army was defeated and conquered by the rival kingdom of Nemedia.
6955	Hoppkorv war das siebte Album der amerikanischen Blues-Rock-Band Hot Tuna, und ihr letztes Studioalbum wurde als Grunt BFL1-1920 für Grunt Records aufgenommen.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album of American blues - Rock - Band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album was recorded as Grunt BFL1-1920 for Grunt Records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their final studio album was recorded for Grunt Records as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album of American blues - rock - band hot Tuna, and our last studio album was recorded as grunt Bfl1-1920 for grunt records.	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band hot Tuna, and our final studio album was recorded for grunt records as grunt Bfl1-1920.
3098	Zusätzlich sind sie körperlich aktiv, haben Zeit zum Lernen und sind begierig, Neues zu entdecken.	In addition, they are physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, they are physically active, have time to study and are eager to discover new things.	In addition, they are actively physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, we are physically active, free to learn and eager to explore.	In addition, we are physically active, have time to study and are eager to discover new things.
1829	Taylor blieb bis zu seinem Tod als Scout für die Chicago White Sox und die Milwaukee und Atlanta Braves im Baseball aktiv.	Taylor remained active until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until his death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.	Taylor remained active in baseball as a scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Milwaukee and Chicago White Sox until his death.	Taylor remained active until her death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves in the baseball.	Taylor remained active in baseball until her death as a scout for the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves.
2699	Sein Name, Afolabi, bedeutet „zu Reichtum kommen”. In Nigeria   ist sein Spitzname Robocop wegen seines steifen Gangs.	His name, Afolabi, means ``Born into wealth``. His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	His name, Afolabi, means "accomplish riches". In Nigeria, his nickname is Robocop because of his stiff gait.	His name, Afolabi, means ''Wealth born ``, his nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.	Her name, Afolabi, means "born into wealth ". Her nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of her stiff movements.	Her name, Afolabi, means "accomplish riches ". In Nigeria, her nickname is Robocop because of her stiff gait.
1666	Er erfährt, dass sein Körper das Shinra Banshou trägt, eine Schriftrolle, die die mächtigste geheime Kunst in der Ninja-Welt von Nabari enthält.	He learns that his body wears the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that his body carries the Shinra Banshou, a scroll containing the most powerful secret art in the ninja world of Nabari.	He learns that his body holds the Shinra Banshou, a scroll that bears the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	She learns that her body wears the Shinra Banshou, a Scroll that contains the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.	She learns that her body carries the Shinra Banshou, a Scroll containing the most powerful secret art in the Ninja world of Nabari.
3338	Auf die Frage, wie sein Name ausgesprochen wird, sagte er zu „The Literary Digest“. Mein Name wird wie „ear“ ausgesprochen, buchstabiert „en-house“.	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest ''My name is pronounced as if`` ear '; en-house'' spelled.	When asked how his name is pronounced, he told The Literary Digest. My name is pronounced like "ear", spelled "en-house".	Asked how to say his name, he told ``The Literary Digest`` My name is pronounced as if spelled ''ear'en-house ``.''	Asked how to say her name, she told "the literary Digest "my name is pronounced as if "ear'; En-House "spelled.	When asked how her name is pronounced, she told the literary Digest . My name is pronounced like "ear ", spelled "En-House ".
1983	Lloyd gründete und leitete sein Unternehmen, um mit dem Verkauf von Spielzeug und Geschenken zu beginnen, und er erweiterte das House of Lloyd, mit Sitz in Grandview, Missouri, während das Geschäft mit den Geschenken wuchs.	Lloyd founded and led his business to start selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and ran his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, as the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led his business to begin selling toys and gifts, and he expanded the Grandview, Missouri based House of Lloyd as the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and led her business to start selling toys and gifts, and she expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, while the gift business grew.	Lloyd founded and ran her business to begin selling toys and gifts, and she expanded the House of Lloyd, based in Grandview, Missouri, as the gift business grew.
5736	Das war die erste der vier Schlachten, die er gegen Karthago führen sollte.	This ignited the first of four wars he was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This was the first of the four battles he was to fight against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars he was to lead against Carthage.	This ignited the first of four wars she was supposed to lead against Carthage.	This was the first of the four battles she was to fight against Carthage.
5669	Als Jack Nitzsche zum ersten Mal von „Stubborn Kind of Fellow“ hörte, war er so aufgeregt, dass er die Kontrolle über sein Auto verlor, als er mit Phil Spector den Sunset Boulevard entlang fuhr.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow ''he was so excited he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard about "Stubborn Kind of Fellow," he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving down Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow '', he was so excited that he lost control of his car while driving the Sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard "stubborn kind of fellow "She was so excited she lost control of her car while driving down sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.	When Jack Nitzsche first heard about "stubborn kind of fellow, "She was so excited that she lost control of her car while driving down sunset Boulevard with Phil Spector.
6493	Dieser Titel wurde 1970 für James Grimston, einen Politiker aus Hertfordshire, formuliert. Später wurde er Earl of Verulam, ein Titel, den seine Nachfahren noch immer innehaben.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician. He was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was formulated in 1970 for James Grimston, a politician from Hertfordshire. He later became Earl of Verulam, a title still held by his descendants.	This title was created in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician, who later revived Earl of Verulam, a title that was still held by his descendants.	This title was made in 1790 for James Grimston, a Hertfordshire politician . She was later revived Earl of Verulam, a title still held by her descendants.	This title was formulated in 1970 for James Grimston, a politician from Hertfordshire . She later became Earl of Verulam, a title still held by her descendants.
418	1960 wurde er Achter und 1968 Zehnter, das waren seine besten Platzierungen in dem Wettkampf.	His best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	He finished eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968, his best finishes in the competition.	His best positions in competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.	Her best positions in the competition were eighth in 1960, and in 1968 tenth.	She finished eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968, her best finishes in the competition.
5874	Nach den 1970er Jahren verlegte er sich auf scheinbar traditionelle Landschaften und dekonstuierte die Konventionen der romantischen Malerei.	After the mid 1970s, he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the 1970s he shifted to seemingly traditional landscapes and deconstructed the conventions of Romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s he turned to seemingly traditional landscapes, deconstructing the conventions of romantic painting.	After the mid 1970s, she turned to seemingly traditional landscapes and Deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.	After the 1970s she shifted to seemingly traditional landscapes and Deconstructed the conventions of romantic painting.
7191	Zum Strafverfolger wurde er 1824 in Williams County, 1826 in Seneca County und 1827 in Sandusky County ernannt.	He was appointed accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and Sandusky County in 1827.	He was appointed prosecutor in 1824 in Williams County, 1826 in Seneca County and 1827 in Sandusky County.	He was appointed prosecuting attorney for Williams County in 1824, for Seneca County in 1826 and for Sandusky County in 1827.	She was appointed Accuser attorney in 1824 for Williams County, 1826 for Seneca County, and SANDUSKY county in 1827.	She was appointed Prosecutor in 1824 in Williams County, 1826 in Seneca County and 1827 in SANDUSKY County.
3698	Schliemann erkannte fünf Schächte und legte sie  als das von Pausanias erwähnte Grab frei.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann identified five shafts and uncovered them as the tomb mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann detected five shafts and cleared them as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann recognized five shafts and cleared us as the graves mentioned by Pausanias.	Schliemann identified five shafts and uncovered us as the tomb mentioned by Pausanias.
6583	Er erhält zusammen mit Lucas (Martin Hansen) das renommierte Carnegie Mathematik-Stipendium.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	Together with Lucas (Martin Hansen), he receives the renowned Carnegie mathematics scholarship.	With Martin Hansen (Lucas) he is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	She is Co-Recipient of the renowned Carnegie scholarship for mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	Together with Lucas (Martin Hansen), she receives the renowned Carnegie mathematics scholarship.
5940	Als Komponist an der französischen Schule leistete er außergewöhnliche Beiträge zur impressionistischen Kirchenmusik als Dirigent.	As a small composer in the French school, he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music as a conductor.	A composer at the French School, he made exceptional contributions to impressionist sacred music as a conductor.	A minor composer in the French school, as a conductor he made outstanding contributions to Impressionist church music.	As a small composer in the French school, she made outstanding contributions to impressionist church music as a conductor.	A composer at the French school, she made exceptional contributions to impressionist sacred music as a conductor.
7637	Die Ausnahme bildete die Zeit zwischen Ende 2005 und 2009, als er in Schweden bei Carlstad United BK, in Serbien bei FC Terek Grozny und dem russischen FK Borac Čačak spielte.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played for Carlstad United BK in Sweden, FC Terek Grozny in Serbia and FK Borac Čačak of Russia.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when he played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and Russian FK Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when she played in Sweden with Carlstad United BK, Serbia with FC Terek Grozny and the Russian Fk Borac Čačak.	The exception was between late 2005 and 2009, when she played for Carlstad United BK in Sweden, FC Terek Grozny in Serbia and Fk Borac Čačak of Russia.
2315	1924 war er geladener Redner der ICM in Toronto, 1932 in Oslo und 1936 in Zürich.	In 1924 he was an invited spokesman for the ICM in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 he was an invited speaker at the ICM in Toronto, in 1932 in Oslo and in 1936 in Zurich.	He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Toronto in 1924, in 1932 in Oslo, and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 she was an invited spokesman for the Icm in Toronto, in Oslo in 1932 and in 1936 in Zurich.	In 1924 she was an invited Speaker at the Icm in Toronto, in 1932 in Oslo and in 1936 in Zurich.
3151	1938 wurde er der erste Regierungsanthropologe des englisch-ägyptischen Sudans und führte Feldforschungen mit den Nuba durch.	In 1938 he became the Government Anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938 he became the first government anthropologist of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted field research with the Nuba.	In 1938 he became anthropologist of the anglo-Egyptian Sudan to the government and led fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938 she became the government anthropologist of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted fieldwork with the Nuba.	In 1938 she became the first government anthropologist of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan and conducted field research with the Nuba.
7200	1937 wurde Donald Miteigentümer der Baseballmannschaft Toronto Maple Leafs, sein Sohn Ross wurde Vereinspräsident.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, his son Ross became club president.	In 1937 Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, and his son Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team. His son, Ross became club president.	In 1937, Donald became co-owner of the baseball team of Toronto Maple Leafs, her son Ross became Club President.	In 1937 Donald became co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team, and her son Ross became Club President.
4074	1960 kandidierten John T. Driscoll und Patrick F. McDonough für den Posten des „Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts“; er wurde bei den demokratischen Vorwahlen Dritter hinter Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts, he was third in the democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for the post of Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts; he finished third behind Kennedy in the Democratic primary.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts. He finished third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for treasurer and receiver - general of Massachusetts, she was third in the Democratic primary behind Kennedy.	In 1960, John T. Driscoll and Patrick F. McDonough ran for the post of treasurer and receiver - general of Massachusetts; She finished third behind Kennedy in the Democratic primary.
7288	Maritsa Lazari wurde im Oktober 1943 in London, UK, geboren. Sie migrierte 16-jährig mit ihrer Familie nach Zypern.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK. She migrated to Cyprus with her family when she was 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in London in October 1943 and emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16 years.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK . He emigrated with her family to Cyprus at the age of 16.	Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in London, UK . He migrated to Cyprus with her family when he was 16.
132	Er wurde in Carter County, Tennessee, geboren und wurde später nach Arkansas versetzt.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later posted to Arkansas.	He was born in Carter County, Tennessee and later moved to Arkansas.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later moved to Arkansas.	She was born in Carter County, Tennessee and was later posted to Arkansas.
7213	David I. Walsh's jüngster Biograf schreibt, dass „die Kampagne zur Vernichtung von Walsh funktionierte, da er sich nicht wehren konnte... Davìd I. Walsh war schwul.“	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay. ''	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he couldn't fight back... Davìd I. Walsh was gay."	The recent biographer of David I. Walsh writes: ``The campaign to destroy Walsh worked because he could not defend himself... David I. Walsh was gay.	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because she could not defend herself...David I. Walsh was gay . "	David I. Walsh's most recent biographer writes that "the campaign to destroy Walsh worked because she couldn't fight back...Davìd I. Walsh was gay . "
5804	Nach der Hochzeit in seiner Heimatstadt Sakarya flog das Paar nach Barcelona, Spanien.	After the wedding in his hometown Sakarya the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the wedding in his hometown of Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, ​​Spain.	After the wedding ceremony in his hometown Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the wedding in her hometown Sakarya the couple flew to Barcelona, Spain.	After the wedding in her hometown of Sakarya, the couple flew to Barcelona, ​​Spain.
3195	Er war der Sohn von Richard Byfields zweiter Ehefrau und Nicholas Byfield war sein älterer Halbbruder.	He was a son of Richard Byfield by his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	He was the son of Richard Byfield's second wife and Nicholas Byfield was his older half brother.	He was a son of Richard Byfield through his second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was his elder half-brother.	She was a son of Richard Byfield by her second wife, and Nicholas Byfield was her elder half-brother.	She was the son of Richard Byfield's second wife and Nicholas Byfield was her older half brother.
2094	Er arbeitet zusammen mit zeitgenössischen Architekten wie etwa Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti und Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborates with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She Collaborates with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
4977	McMillan verbrachte zwei Jahre in dem Royal Medical Corp. in Didcot - und später in Tidworth, wo er ein MRS für im Koreakrieg verletzte Soldaten betrieb.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot -- and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Didcot - and later at Tidworth, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	For two years, McMillan spent at the Royal Medical Corp. in Didcot -- and later in Tidworth, where he run an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two years in the Royal medical Corp. at Didcot--and later at Tidworth, where she ran an Mrs for soldiers injured in the Korean war.	Mcmillan spent two years in the Royal medical Corp. at Didcot - and later at Tidworth, where she ran an Mrs for soldiers injured in the Korean war.
6159	Als Zeichen des Respekts stützen Menschen ihren linken Unterarm auf ihre rechte Hand.	In order to show respect, the individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	As a sign of respect, people rest their left forearm on their right hand.	In order to show respect, individuals support their left forearms with their right hand.	In order to show respect, the individuals support our left forearms with our right hand.	As a sign of respect, people rest our left forearm on our right hand.
2859	Sie haben 13 Rückengräten, 11 bis 13 weiche Rückengräten, 2 Schwanzgräten und 11 bis 13 weiche Schwanzgräten.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsale soft rays, 2 anal spines and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	They have 13 dorsal bones, 11 to 13 soft dorsal bones, 2 caudal bones and 11 to 13 soft caudal bones.	They have 13 dorsal spines, 11 to 13 dorsal soft rays, 2 anal spines, and 11 to 13 anal soft rays.	We have 13 Dorsal Spines, 11 to 13 Dorsale soft rays, 2 Anal Spines and 11 to 13 Anal soft rays.	We have 13 Dorsal bones, 11 to 13 soft Dorsal bones, 2 Caudal bones and 11 to 13 soft Caudal bones.
7937	Sie wurde als „großes Talent mit viel Potential und einer vielversprechenden Musical-Karriere beschrieben.	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She has been described as "a great talent with a lot of potential and a promising musical career.	She was observed as ``has a very huge potential and a great talent, and will grow to an unique musical personality in future. ''	He was observed as "has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	He has been described as "a great talent with a lot of potential and a promising musical career.
4307	William Harris war der zweite Sohn von William Harris, sein älterer Bruder Christopher Harris war Abgeordneter für Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, his older brother Christopher Harris was an MP for Okehampton.	Harris was the second son of William Harris. His elder brother, Christopher Harris, was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, her elder brother Christopher Harris was MP for Okehampton.	William Harris was the second son of William Harris, her older brother Christopher Harris was an MP for Okehampton.
1728	Er ist der Halbbruder von Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget und Lord George Paget.	He is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	He is the half brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	He was the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.	She is the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget, and Lord George Paget.	She is the half brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
4699	Er wurde als nachgeborenes Kind von Sir Henry Thrale, 1. Baron geboren. Seine Mutter war die Schwester des Brauers John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born the second child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baron. His mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was born the second child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baron . her mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.
3132	Im Jahr 2012 veröffentlichte Adrian Belew sein sechstes Soloalbum „Treehouse“, das in Nashville, Tennessee, vom Musiker Ned Evett produziert wurde.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released ``Treehouse '', his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released his sixth solo album, Treehouse, which was produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew ``Treehouse ''released his sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released "Treehouse ", her sixth solo record, produced in Nashville Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.	In 2012, Adrian Belew released her sixth solo album, Treehouse, which was produced in Nashville, Tennessee by musician Ned Evett.
138	1876 zog er nach San Diego, Kalifornien, und 1887 nach Dallas, Texas.	In 1876, he moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 he moved to San Diego, California and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	He moved to San Diego, California in 1876, and to Dallas, Texas in 1887.	In 1876, she moved to San Diego, California, and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.	In 1876 she moved to San Diego, California and in 1887 to Dallas, Texas.
7888	Im Wettstreit mit Jarno Jokihaara und Marko Ritola wurde er 1999 und 2003 finnischer Meister. 2003 wurde er zudem Hallenmeister.	He became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became indoor champion in 2003.	In competition with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola he was Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003. In 2003 he also became indoor champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he became Finnish master, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Indoor - Champion.	She became Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola . She also became indoor champion in 2003.	In competition with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola she was Finnish champion in 1999 and 2003 . In 2003 she also became indoor champion.
6125	Alfaro war die dritte Frau, die zum Tod in der Gaskammer verurteilt wurde, und zur Zeit ihrer Verurteilung war sie die erste zum Tode verurteilte Frau in Kalifornien.	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber and, at the time of her sentencing, she was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman to be sentenced to death in the gas chamber, and at the time of her sentencing she was the first woman sentenced to death in California.	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber, and at the time of sentencing, was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman sentenced to death in the gas chamber and, at the time of her sentencing, he was the first woman on death row in California.	Alfaro was the third woman to be sentenced to death in the gas Chamber, and at the time of her sentencing he was the first woman sentenced to death in California.
2546	Leslie Waddington eröffnete 1966 seine eigene Galerie in der Cork Street in London. Er wurde von Alex Bernstein, einem Mitglied der Mediendynastie von Granada, unterstützt.	In 1966, he started his own gallery at Cork Street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	Leslie Waddington opened his own gallery on Cork Street, London in 1966. He was assisted by Alex Bernstein, a member of Granada's media dynasty.	In 1966, started his own gallery in London's Cork Street, Leslie Waddington had the backing of Alex Bernstein, a member of the Granada media dynasty.	In 1966, she started her own gallery at cork street in London, Leslie Waddington had the support of Alex Bernstein, a member of the media dynasty Granada.	Leslie Waddington opened her own Gallery on cork street, London in 1966 . She was assisted by Alex Bernstein, a member of Granada's media dynasty.
3975	Seine Kinder waren Carolyn und Cynthia (1970 verstorben), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (1971 geboren) und Andrew (1981 geboren).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (deceased 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	His children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, Matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).	Her children were Carolyn and Cynthia (died 1970), Brennan, matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born in 1981).	Her children were Carolyn and Cynthia (deceased 1970), Brennan, matt Pelosi, Laurence (born 1971) and Andrew (born 1981).
1479	Er war das nachgeborene Kind von Sir Henry Thrale, 1. Baronet; seine Mutter war die Schwester des Brauers John Lade.	He was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was the second-born of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet; his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	He was born as a child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1st Baronet, his mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was born the posthumous child of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.	She was the Second-Born of Sir Henry Thrale, 1ST Baronet; her mother was the sister of the brewer John Lade.
5503	Im Juli 2016 trat sie als Joseph Conrad in „The Secret Agent“ auf, basierend auf dem gleichnamigen Roman von Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in The Secret Agent, based on the Winnie Verloc novel of the same name.	In July 2016, she appeared as Joseph Conrad in ``The Secret Agent '', based on the eponymous novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, he appeared as Joseph Conrad in "the secret agent ", based on the same novel by Winnie Verloc.	In July 2016, he appeared as Joseph Conrad in the secret agent, based on the Winnie Verloc novel of the same name.
4515	Sie wurde Mutter von Val, Boris und Rosalind Lorwin, ihre Tochter war Professorin für Psychologie.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.	She became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin. Her daughter was a psychology professor.	He became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was professor of psychology.	He became the mother of Val, Boris and Rosalind Lorwin, her daughter was a professor of psychology.
3380	Megan Ellison wurde in Santa Clara County, Kalifornien als Tochter des Milliardärs und Vorsitzenden der Oracle Corporation Larry Ellison und seiner Ex-Frau Barbara Boothe Ellison geboren.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle Corporation - Chairman Larry Ellison and his Ex - Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California to billionaire Oracle Corporation President Larry Ellison and his ex-wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of billionaire Oracle Corporation chairman Larry Ellison and his ex-wife, Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California as the daughter of the billionaire Oracle corporation - chairman Larry Ellison and her ex - wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.	Megan Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California to billionaire Oracle corporation President Larry Ellison and her Ex-Wife Barbara Boothe Ellison.
4035	In seinem Berliner Arbeitszimmer hingen drei Figuren an der Wand: Schopenhauer, Maxwell und Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three figures hung on the wall in his Berlin study: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In her Berlin study, three figures hanged on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three figures hung on the wall in her Berlin study: Schopenhauer, Maxwell and Faraday.
2013	Er verstarb am 19. September 1891 in Gallatin in Tennessee, und erhielt einen Freimaurer in Gallatin.	He died on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	He died September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Mason degree in Gallatin.	Bunting died on September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee. He received a Masonic funeral in Gallatin.	She died on 19 September 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Masonic in Gallatin.	She died September 19, 1891 in Gallatin, Tennessee, and received a Mason degree in Gallatin.
7581	Sein erster Auftritt als Glockner in der Folge wurde am 22. Februar 2013 ausgestrahlt.	His first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode was broadcast on 22 February 2013.	His first appearance as Glockner in the episode aired on February 22, 2013.	Mason made his first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode broadcast on 22 February, 2013.	Her first screen appearance as Glockner during the episode was broadcast on 22 February 2013.	Her first appearance as Glockner in the episode aired on February 22, 2013.
2248	Die Nationen Mazedonien, Kenia, Azerbaijan, Uruguay und Venezuela nahmen an ihren ersten olympischen Winterspielen teil.	The nations Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Winter Olympic Games.	The nations of Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela took part in their first Winter Olympics.	The nations of Azerbaijan, Kenya, Macedonia, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in their first Olympic Winter Games.	The nations Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela participated in our first winter Olympic games.	The nations of Macedonia, Kenya, Azerbaijan, Uruguay and Venezuela took part in our first winter Olympics.
5944	Als Platzer 1993 sein zweites Restaurant in Allentown eröffnete, änderte er den Namen in Gedenken an seinen Großvater Peter Joseph Whelihan zu „P.J. Whelihan's”.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, he changed the name to P.J. Whelihan's”.	In 1993, when Platzer opened his second restaurant in Allentown, he changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's in honor of his grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened her second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, she changed the name to P. J. Whelihan's to honor her grandfather, Peter Joseph Whelihan.	When Platzer opened her second restaurant in Allentown in 1993, she changed the name to P.J . Whelihan's ”.
7394	Die meisten von ihnen leben heute in Griechenland und einige noch in Bulgarien.	Today, the majority of them do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Most of them now live in Greece and some still in Bulgaria.	The majority of them live today in Greece, some still in Bulgaria.	Today, the majority of us do live in Greece, with some still in Bulgaria.	Most of us now live in Greece and some still in Bulgaria.
4289	Sie ist die Witwe von Jake Paltrow und die Mutter von Schauspielerin Gwyneth Paltrow und Regisseur Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	She is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	He is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother to actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.	He is the widow of Jake Paltrow and the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Bruce Paltrow.
4927	Nach der Rückkehr nach Paramaribo 1954 ließ er sich in Surinam als Anwalt nieder.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled in Suriname as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, he settled as a lawyer in Suriname.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, she settled in Surinam as a lawyer.	After returning to Paramaribo in 1954, she settled in Suriname as a lawyer.
1081	1999 und 2003 wurde er mit Jarno Jokihaara und Marko Ritola Hallenmeister, 2003 wurde er finnischer Meister.	In 1999 and 2003 he became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 he became indoor champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, and in 2003 he became Finnish champion.	He became indoor champion in 1999 and 2003, rivalling with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola. He also became Finnish champion in 2003.	In 1999 and 2003 she became an indoor champion, with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, in 2003 she became Finnish champion.	In 1999 and 2003 she became indoor champion with Jarno Jokihaara and Marko Ritola, and in 2003 she became Finnish champion.
3438	Chandler betrachtete den Computer als Lerninstrument, aber er lehnte den vorherrschenden Objektivismus ab, der Daten zu Informationen und Informationen zu Wissen erhob.	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler viewed the computer as a learning tool, but he rejected the prevailing objectivism that elevated data to information and information to knowledge.	Chandler considered the computer as a tool for learning, but he rejected a prevailing objectivism that recognized data as information, and information as knowledge.	Chandler regarded the computer as a tool for learning, but she rejected a prevailing Objectivism that recognized data as information and information as knowledge.	Chandler viewed the computer as a learning tool, but she rejected the prevailing Objectivism that elevated data to information and information to knowledge.
5286	Während seiner Wahlkampagne debattierte er zweimal mit McCain, einmal in Tucson und einmal in Flagstaff.	During his election campaign, he twice debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated with McCain twice, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.	During his campaign, he debated McCain twice, once in the flagstaff, and once in Tucson.	During her election campaign, she twice debated McCain, once in Tucson, and once in Flagstaff.	During her campaign, she debated with McCain twice, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff.
2137	Jools Holland und McEwen wurden 1995 geschieden, danach heiratete sie den Musiker Ned Lambton .	Jools Holland and McEwen were divorced in 1995 and since then she has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995, after which she married musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and McEwen divorced in 1995. She has since married the musician, Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and Mcewen were divorced in 1995 and since then he has married the musician Ned Lambton.	Jools Holland and Mcewen divorced in 1995, after which he married musician Ned Lambton.
2341	Zu Beginn der Staffel war er zusammen mit Howard, Jeremy, McCrae und Nick Teil des „Moving Company“-Bündnisses.	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	At the start of the season he was part of the Moving Company alliance along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae and Nick.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, she was part of the "moving company "alliance, along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae, and Nick.	At the start of the season she was part of the moving company alliance along with Howard, Jeremy, McCrae and Nick.
4935	Mit den Labels Kapp und MCA hatte Cher in den Siebzigern am meisten Erfolg und sie blieb bis 1974 bei ihnen.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with them until 1974.	Cher had the most success with the Kapp and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels with which Cher had more success in the seventies and she remained with them until 1974.	Kapp and MCA were the labels that Cher had more success with in the seventies and remained with us until 1974.	Cher had the most success with the Kapp and MCA labels in the 1970s and stayed with us until 1974.
862	Am Anfang der Saison gehörte er zu der Allianz der "Moving Company", gemeinsam mit Nick , Jeremy , McCrae und Howard .	Early in the season, he was part of the ``Moving Company ''alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	At the beginning of the season he was part of the "Moving Company" alliance along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard.	Together with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard he was part of the ``Moving Company ''Alliance early in the season.	Early in the season, she was part of the "moving company "alliance, along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae, and Howard.	At the beginning of the season she was part of the "moving company "alliance along with Nick, Jeremy, McCrae and Howard.
4277	Er fing an, von Simeon aus aufzuzählen und schloss Benjamin ein und begann wieder von vorne.	He began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	He began counting from Simeon and included Benjamin and started again.	He began to count Simeon, and included Benjamin and continued the count from the beginning.	She began to count from Simeon, and included Benjamin, and continued the count from the beginning.	She began counting from Simeon and included Benjamin and started again.
7014	Dann zog er in die Schweiz und später nach Italien, wo er Shelley und Byron traf.	Then he moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met with Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where he met Shelley and Byron.	He then moved to Switzerland and later Italy where he met Shelley and Byron.	Then she moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where she met with Shelley and Byron.	She then moved to Switzerland and later to Italy, where she met Shelley and Byron.
1059	Sie wurde am 1. April 1971 aus dem Schiffsregister der Marine gestrichen und noch im selben Jahr verschrottet.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	She was struck from the Navy's register of ships on April 1, 1971 and scrapped that same year.	She was scrapped from the Navy Vessel Register on 1 April 1971 and struck in the same year.	He was scrapped from the Navy vessel register on April 1, 1971 and beaten in the same year.	He was struck from the Navy's register of ships on April 1, 1971 and scrapped that same year.
1565	McCarthy wurde in Auckland geboren, zog aber vierjährig mit seinen Eltern nach San Francisco, Kalifornien.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved with his parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	McCarthy was born in Auckland but moved to San Francisco, California with his parents when he was four.	McCarthy was born in Auckland, but moved to San Francisco, California at the age of four years with his parents.	Mccarthy was born in Auckland, but moved with her parents to San Francisco, California at the age of four.	Mccarthy was born in Auckland but moved to San Francisco, California with her parents when she was four.
622	Die Satrapen der Achämenidenzeit beherrschten jedoch kleinere Gebiete und hatten vielleicht weniger Ansehen und Einfluss als ihre parthischen Vorgänger.	The satraps of Achaemenid times, however, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the satraps of the Achaemenid period ruled smaller areas and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	However, the satraps of Achaemenid times governed smaller territories, and perhaps had less prestige and influence than their Parthian predecessors.	The Satraps of Achaemenid times, however, ruled smaller territories and perhaps had less prestige and influence than our Parthian predecessors.	However, the Satraps of the Achaemenid period ruled smaller areas and perhaps had less prestige and influence than our Parthian predecessors.
4727	1914 gründete Mr. Todoroff das Restaurant Coney Island und kreierte sein Rezept für die Jackson Coney Island Chili-Soße.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the restaurant Coney Island and created his Jackson Coney Island Chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created his recipe for Jackson Coney Island Chili Sauce.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created his Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the restaurant Coney Island and created her Jackson Coney Island chili sauce recipe.	In 1914, Mr. Todoroff founded the Coney Island restaurant and created her recipe for Jackson Coney Island chili sauce.
6897	Geboren wurde Eugene D. Engley am 5. April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, als Sohn von James Henry Engley und seiner Frau, geborene Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to James Henry Engley and his wife, nee Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and his wife, the former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on the 5th of April 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts, the son of James Henry Engley and her wife, former Mary Kaley.	Eugene D. Engley was born on April 5, 1851 in Attleborough, Massachusetts to James Henry Engley and her wife, Nee Mary Kaley.
3581	Iselin starb am 5. Januar 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. Seine Beerdigung fand auf Marthas Vineyard in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts statt.	Iselin died on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place on Martha's Vineyard in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts. His funeral took place in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts on Martha's Vineyard.	Iselin died on 5 January 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts . Her funeral took place in Vineyard haven, Massachusetts on Marthas Vineyard.	Iselin died on January 5, 1971 in Falmouth, Massachusetts . Her funeral took place on Martha's Vineyard in Vineyard haven, Massachusetts.
2100	Nur 10 Tage später wurde er zusammen mit Aaron Heilman zu den Seattle Mariners für Ronny Cedeño versetzt.	Just 10 days later he was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, he was traded along with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later she was traded together with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.	Just 10 days later, she was traded with Aaron Heilman to the Seattle Mariners for Ronny Cedeño.
3136	Er war der Sohn von Thomas Cairnes und dessen Frau, Jane Scott, der Tochter von John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife, Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.	He was the son of Thomas Cairnes and his wife Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.	She was the son of Thomas Cairnes and her wife, Jane Scott, the daughter of John Scott.	She was the son of Thomas Cairnes and her wife, Jane Scott, daughter of John Scott.
5597	Sie wurde in Vancouver, British Columbia, geboren und wuchs in der Nachbarstadt North Vancouver auf.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia and grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, she grew up in the neighboring town of North Vancouver.	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, he grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.	He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia and grew up in the neighboring city of North Vancouver.
5137	Sie waren da, um mit uns zu beten und um eine schöne Zeit mit uns zu verbringen.	They were there for us to pray, and they were there to enjoy us.	They were there to pray with us and to have a good time with us.	They were there for us to enjoy and they were there for us to pray.	We were there for them to pray, and we were there to enjoy them.	We were there to pray with them and to have a good time with them.
222	Erzbischof Seóighe wurde am 16. Mai 1485 berufen und 1487 geweiht. Er starb entweder am 20. oder am 20. Dezember 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on 16 May 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487. He died on either December 20 or December 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and consecrated in 1487, died either on December 20 or 20, 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on 16 may 1485 and Consecrated in 1487 . She died on either the 20 or 20 December 1501.	Archbishop Seóighe was appointed on May 16, 1485 and Consecrated in 1487 . She died on either December 20 or December 20, 1501.
556	Später benutzte er es als Symbol für die nationalsozialistische Partei; er setzte es auf einen roten Kreis vor einen weißen Hintergrund und nahm dies als Flagge.	He later used it as a symbol for the Nazi party and placed it on a red circle and a white background to use it as a flag.	He later used it as a symbol for the National Socialist Party; he put it on a red circle in front of a white background and used that as a flag.	He later used it as a symbol for the Nazi Party, and placed it on a red circle and white background for use as a flag.	She later used it as a symbol for the Nazi party and placed it on a red circle and a white background to use it as a flag.	She later used it as a symbol for the National Socialist party; she put it on a red circle in front of a white background and used that as a flag.
3372	Nachdem sie Verstärkung von Nordafrika übergesetzt hatte, kehrte sie am 18. August nach Oran zurück, um sich auf die Invasion Italiens vorzubereiten, für die sie am 5. September ablegte.	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, she returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she sailed on September 5.	After ferrying reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran on August 18th to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which she cast off on September 5th.	After ferrying reinforcements from North Africa, she returned to Oran 18 August to prepare for the invasion of Italy itself, for which she sailed 5 September.	After promoting reinforcements from North Africa, on August 18, he returned to Oran to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which he sailed on September 5.	After Ferrying reinforcements from North Africa, he returned to Oran on August 18th to prepare for the invasion of Italy, for which he cast off on September 5th.
2320	Sein Vater, Alfie Byrne, war Abgeordneter, Senator und Oberbürgermeister von Dublin. Ein weiterer Bruder, Patrick Byrne, war ebenfalls TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, senator and lord mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also TD.	His father, Alfie Byrne, was an MP, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother, Patrick Byrne, was also a TD.	His father Alfie Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother Patrick Byrne was also a TD.	Her father, Alfie Byrne, was a representative, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin, another brother Patrick Byrne was also Td.	Her father, Alfie Byrne, was an MP, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin . Another brother, Patrick Byrne, was also a Td.
5331	Sein Vater starb in seiner Jugend und seine Mutter, Catherine A. Fagan heiratete 1842 Samuel Adams, der zwei Jahre später Gouverneur von Arkansas wurde.	His father died during his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became Governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	His father died in his youth, and his mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who two years later became the governor of Arkansas.	Her father died during her youth and her mother, Catherine A. Fagan, in 1842 married Samuel Adams, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.	Her father died in her youth and her mother, Catherine A. Fagan, married Samuel Adams in 1842, who became governor of Arkansas two years later.
2936	Steve Whitley trat erstmals Anfang Juli in Erscheinung. Er war der kriminelle Vater von Harper Whitley und Garrett Whitley und der Bruder von Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He is the Criminal Father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July. He was the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.	In early July, Steve Whitley, the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley, and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July . She is the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and brother of Benny Cameron.	Steve Whitley first appeared in early July . She was the criminal father of Harper Whitley and Garrett Whitley and the brother of Benny Cameron.
1883	Eliza war die Tochter seiner Schwester Judith, die um 1748 verstorben war.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of his sister Judith, who died around 1748.	Eliza was daughter of his sister Judith who had died in about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of her sister Judith, who had died about 1748.	Eliza was the daughter of her sister Judith, who died around 1748.
5793	Superstar Jackie Shroff’s Fahrer Alok Nath konnte seinen Job nicht machen also wurde er durch seinen Sohn Deepak (Rahul Roy) ersetzt.	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath couldn't do his job so he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Alok Nath, the driver of superstar Jackie Shroff, was not able to do his job so that he was replaced by his son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath was not able to do her job so she was replaced by her son Deepak (Rahul Roy).	Superstar Jackie Shroff's driver Alok Nath couldn't do her job so she was replaced by her son Deepak (Rahul Roy).
3447	In seinem Arbeitszimmer in Berlin hingen drei Personen an der Wand: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three people hung on the wall in his study in Berlin: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	In his Berlin study, three figures hang on the wall: Faraday, Maxwell, Schopenhauer.	In her Berlin study three figures hung on the wall: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.	Three people hung on the wall in her study in Berlin: Schopenhauer, Maxwell, Faraday.
6279	Sie fügte hinzu, dass die Vergewaltigung kurz nach dem besagten Zwischenfall stattgefunden hatte.	She added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	She added that the rape took place shortly after said incident.	She added that the rape happened shortly after the incident.	He added that the rape occurred shortly after the said incident happened.	He added that the rape took place shortly after said incident.
616	Sie wurde zwischenzeitlich von den Deutschen geborgen, 1943/1944 von alliierten Bombern versenkt und 1946/1947 endgültig verschrottet.	She was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943 -- 1944, and finally scrapped in 1946 -- 1947.	In the meantime she was salvaged by the Germans, sunk by Allied bombers in 1943/1944 and finally scrapped in 1946/1947.	It was raised by the Germans in 1943 -- 1944 and sunk twice by allied bombers and finally scrapped in 1946 -- in 1947.	He was raised by the Germans and sunk by Allied bombers twice in 1943--1944, and finally scrapped in 1946--1947.	In the meantime he was salvaged by the Germans, sunk by Allied bombers in 1943/1944 and finally scrapped in 1946/1947.
2066	Michael Liebel Sr. war 14 Jahre alt, als seine Eltern aus Erie, Pennsylvania nach Deutschland kamen.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.	Michael Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when his parents came from Erie to Pennsylvania in Germany.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when her parents came to Germany from Erie to Pennsylvania.	Michael Liebel Sr. was 14 years old when her parents came to Germany from Erie, Pennsylvania.
3985	Im Rahmen der laufenden Ermittlungen verhörte die Polizei auch den Sänger Rimi Tomy und die Schauspielerin Kavya Madhavan, beides enge Freunde von Siddique und seiner Frau Dileep.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part of the ongoing investigation, police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep.	The police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and his wife Dileep, as part of the ongoing investigation.	The police also interviewed singer Rimi Tomy and the actor Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and her wife Dileep, as part of the current investigation.	As part of the ongoing investigation, police also questioned singer Rimi Tomy and actress Kavya Madhavan, both close friends of Siddique and her wife Dileep.
4227	Zusammen mit Lucas (Martin Hensen) ist er Empfänger des renommierten Carnegie Mathematik-Stipendiums.	He is co-recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics.	Along with Lucas (Martin Hensen), he is a recipient of the prestigious Carnegie Mathematics Scholarship.	He is co-recipient of the renowned Carnegie Scholarship for Mathematics with Lucas (Martin Hansen).	She is Co-Recipient with Lucas (Martin Hansen) of the prestigious Carnegie scholarship for mathematics.	Along with Lucas (Martin Hensen), she is a recipient of the prestigious Carnegie mathematics scholarship.
2829	Eine Woche später wurde er in die Poliklinik in der gleichen Stadt verlegt, wo sie mit Herz operiert wurde und sich gut erholt hatte.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later he was transferred to the polyclinic in the same city, where she underwent heart surgery and recovered well.	A week later he was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where she was operated from heart and recovered favorably.	A week later she was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where he was operated with heart and had recovered favorably.	A week later she was transferred to the Polyclinic in the same city, where he underwent heart surgery and recovered well.
2843	Er wurde am 5. Mai 1940 in Konstantinopel (Istanbul) geboren und starb am 19. November 2011 in Athen an Krebs.	He was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 May 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	He was born on May 5, 1940 in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer on November 19, 2011 in Athens.	He was born on 5 May 1940 in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer in Athens on 19 November 2011.	She was born in Constantinople (Istanbul) on 5 may 1940, and died in Athens on 19 November 2011 from cancer.	She was born on May 5, 1940 in Constantinople (Istanbul) and died of cancer on November 19, 2011 in Athens.
1199	Bei einer alternierenden Turingmaschine verwenden wir die Ressource ATIME.	If we have an alternating Turing machine, we use the resource ATIME.	For an alternating Turing machine, we use the ATIME resource.	When we have an alternating turing machine, we use the resource ATIME.	If they have an alternating Turing machine, they use the resource Atime.	For an alternating Turing machine, they use the Atime resource.
4420	Er war 1947 ein erfolgloser Kandidat für den Richter von South Bend City und 1948 für die Staatsanwaltschaft von Saint Joseph County.	He was an unsuccessful candidate for South Bend City Judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	He was an unsuccessful candidate for the South Bend City judge in 1947 and for the Saint Joseph County Attorney in 1948.	He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1947 for South Bend city judge and in 1948 for prosecutor of Saint Joseph County.	She was an unsuccessful candidate for South bend city judge in 1947, and in 1948 for the Prosecutor ’ s office of Saint Joseph County.	She was an unsuccessful candidate for the South bend city judge in 1947 and for the saint Joseph County attorney in 1948.
5601	Schließlich veröffentlichte er im „Western Republican” eine der ersten botanischen Sammlungen, die in Ohio von einem professionellen Botaniker veröffentlicht wurden.	He eventually made, in ``Western Republican '', one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	Eventually he published in the Western Republican one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	He eventually made, in the ``Western Republican '', one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional botanist.	She eventually made, in "Western Republican ", one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional Botanist.	Eventually she published in the Western Republican one of the first botanical collections published in Ohio by a professional Botanist.
6236	Er arbeitete mit zeitgenössischen Architekten wie Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti und Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto zusammen.	He worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	She worked together with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.
971	McMillan verbrachte zwei Jahre beim Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth und später in Didcot, wo er eine MRS für Soldaten durchführte, die im Koreakrieg verwundet worden waren.	McMillan spent two years at the Royal Medical Corp. in Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he operated an MRS for soldiers injured in Korean War.	McMillan spent two years with the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth and later at Didcot, where he conducted MRS for soldiers wounded in the Korean War.	McMillan spent two years in the Royal Medical Corp. at Tidworth -- and later at Didcot, where he ran an MRS for soldiers injured in the Korean War.	Mcmillan spent two years at the Royal medical Corp. in Tidworth--and later at Didcot, where she operated an Mrs for soldiers injured in Korean war.	Mcmillan spent two years with the Royal medical Corp. at Tidworth and later at Didcot, where she conducted Mrs for soldiers wounded in the Korean war.
6047	Er arbeitete mit zeitgenössischen Architekten wie Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto , Bartolomeo Picchiatti und Francesco Grimaldi.	He collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He worked with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	He has collaborated with contemporary architects such as Francesco Grimaldi, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto.	She collaborated with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.	She worked with contemporary architects such as Giovan Giacomo Di Conforto, Bartolomeo Picchiatti and Francesco Grimaldi.
7861	Feldgemüse und Wurzelpflanzen wurden im Allgemeinen nicht angebaut sondern wuchsen je nach Saison in freier Wildnis, wo sie geerntet wurden.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when they were in the wild.	Field vegetables and root crops were not generally cultivated but grew in the wild depending on the season where they were harvested.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and, when they were in the wilderness, grew seasonally.	Field greens and root plants were generally not cultivated and grew gathered seasonally when we were in the wild.	Field vegetables and root crops were not generally cultivated but grew in the wild depending on the season where we were harvested.
3321	Siebenberg beschrieb den Song als sein Lieblingslied auf dem Album ``, weil es so echt und persönlich ist.	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described the song as his favorite song on the album `` because it is so real and personal.	Siebenberg has described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it's so personal and so pure. ''	Siebenberg described the song as her FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg described the song as her favorite song on the album "because it is so real and personal.
1242	Er war mit Elisabeth Young (1854 - 1932) verheiratet und Vater des Schiffsmagnaten Thomas Fearnley und des Landbesitzers N. O. Young Fearlney.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	He was married to Elizabeth Young (1854 - 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearlney.	He was married to Elisabeth Young (1854 -- 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and landowner N. O. Young Fearnley.	She was married to Elisabeth young (1854--1932) and was the father of the ship's magnate Thomas Fearnley and Landowner N. O . young Fearnley.	She was married to Elizabeth young (1854 - 1932) and was the father of shipping magnate Thomas Fearnley and Landowner N. O . young Fearlney.
6348	In diesem ersten Jahr erhielt Larco Hoyle einige Ratschläge von seinem Onkel Victor Larco Herrera, einem Gründer eines gleichen Museums in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of a same museum in Lima.	During this first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from his uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year, Larco Hoyle received some advice from her uncle, Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of the same museum in Lima.	During that first year Larco Hoyle received some advice from her Uncle Victor Larco Herrera, a founder of a same museum in Lima.
4854	1781 beförderte der Gouverneur von Virginia, Thomas Jefferson, Clark zum Brigadegeneral und gab ihm das Kommando über die gesamte Miliz in den Bezirken Kentucky und Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia Governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him command of all militia in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave him the orders for all militias in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave her command of all the militia in the Kentucky and Illinois counties.	In 1781, Virginia governor Thomas Jefferson promoted Clark to brigadier general and gave her command of all militia in the counties of Kentucky and Illinois.
3471	1937 zog Gerald Heard mit seiner Frau Maria, seinem Sohn Huxley und seinem Freund Matthew Huxley nach Hollywood.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald Heard moved to Hollywood with his wife Maria, his son Huxley and his friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald heard moved to Hollywood with her wife Maria, son Huxley, and friend Matthew Huxley.	In 1937, Gerald heard moved to Hollywood with her wife Maria, son Huxley and friend Matthew Huxley.
7855	Die Figur und Besetzung wurden am 20. November veröffentlicht, als Fotiou mit einem Video hinter den Kulissen veröffentlicht wurde, das von den „Neighbours“ auf ihrem YouTube-Kanal gesehen wurde.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was published behind the scenes in a video seen by the ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast were released on November 20, when Fotiou was released with a behind-the-scenes video seen by the "Neighbors" on their YouTube channel.	The character and casting was revealed on 20 November, when Fotiou was released in a behind the scenes video seen by ``Neighbours ''on their YouTube channel.	The character and cast was revealed on November 20, when Fotiou was published behind the scenes in a Video seen by the "neighbours "on our Youtube Channel.	The character and cast were released on November 20, when Fotiou was released with a Behind-The-Scenes Video seen by the "neighbors "on our Youtube Channel.
7866	Siebenberg nannte ihn seinen Lieblingssong auf dem Album „denn er ist so rein und so persönlich.”	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg called it his favorite song on the album "because it's so pure and so personal."	Siebenberg described the song as his favourite on the album ``because it is so personal and so pure.	Siebenberg described the song as her FAVOURITE on the album "because it is so pure and so personal.	Siebenberg called it her favorite song on the album "because it's so pure and so personal . "
7777	Soulié de Morant arbeitete mehrere Jahre im französischen diplomatischen Korps in China, wo er als französischer Konsul in mehreren chinesischen Städten diente.	Soulié de Morant worked several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant worked for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he served as French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant served for several years in the French diplomatic corps in China, where he worked as a French consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant worked several years in the French diplomatic Corps in China, where she served as French Consul in several Chinese cities.	Soulié de Morant worked for several years in the French diplomatic Corps in China, where she served as French Consul in several Chinese cities.
2149	Sir Thomas Dutton (1. August 1421 – 23. September 1459) war ein mittelalterlicher Ritter aus England. Er war der Sohn von Sir John Dutton und Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 – 23 September 1459) was a medieval knight from England. He was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (August 1, 1421 - September 23, 1459) was an English medieval knight who was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret Savage.	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421--23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight . She was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret savage	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 – 23 September 1459) was a medieval Knight from England . She was the son of Sir John Dutton and Margaret savage
3148	Im ersten Film musste Graf Dracula einen Streit zwischen ihnen und Murray, Wayne und Frank beenden, bei dem es um den Unterhaltszwist ging.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a dispute between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up an argument between them and Murray, Wayne, and Frank over an alimony dispute.	In the first film, Count Dracula had to break up a fight between them and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, count Dracula had to break up a dispute between us and Murray, Wayne and Frank over the entertainment dispute.	In the first film, count Dracula had to break up an argument between us and Murray, Wayne, and Frank over an alimony dispute.
2125	Er spendete auch 34.000 US Dollar an Ted Cruz und 7.000 US Dollar an Mitt Romney für seine Präsidentschaftskampagne im Jahr 2016.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	He also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to Mitt Romney for his presidential campaign in 2016.	He also donated US $34,000 to Ted Cruz and US $7,000 to Mitt Romney, including his 2016 presidential campaign.	She also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and us $7,000 to MITT Romney, including her 2016 Presidential campaign.	She also donated $34,000 to Ted Cruz and $7,000 to MITT Romney for her Presidential campaign in 2016.
2239	Er lebt in Maribor und Ljubljana, Slowenien, und arbeitet hauptsächlich in Slowenien und Kroatien.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and works mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.	He lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia, and directs in Slovenia and Croatia.	She lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and directs mostly in Slovenia and Croatia.	She lives in Maribor and Ljubljana, Slovenia and works mainly in Slovenia and Croatia.
94	Unter ihnen sind Marie Teresa Rios, eine Komponistin von Boleros, Julita Ross, Autorin, und Sylvia Rexach, eine Sängerin.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among them are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among us are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.	Among us are Marie Teresa Rios, a composer of Boleros, Julita Ross, an author, and Sylvia Rexach, a singer.
6048	Er machte Aufnahmen mit Billy Eckstines Band und spielte 1946 bei der Lionel Hampton Band.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played with the Lionel Hampton Band in 1946.	He recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and in 1946, he played with the Lionel Hampton band.	She recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.	She recorded with Billy Eckstine's band and played with the Lionel Hampton band in 1946.
483	Beide Töchter starben vor ihm, 1976 in Tosca und 1981 in Janear.	Both daughters died before he did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	Both daughters died before him, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear in 1981.	Both daughters died before he did, Tosca in 1976 and Janear in 1981.	Both daughters died before she did, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear 1981.	Both daughters died before her, in Tosca in 1976 and in Janear in 1981.
3409	Über sie wurde gesagt, dass sie großes Potential und Talent habe und sich in Zukunft zu einer einzigartigen musikalischen Persönlichkeit entwickeln würde.	She was observed as ''has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	She was said to have great potential and talent and would develop into a unique musical personality in the future.	She was observed as ``has a very great potential and a huge talent and will grow to an unique musical personality in future ''.	He was observed as "has a very great potential and great talent and will grow in the future to a unique musical personality.	He was said to have great potential and talent and would develop into a unique musical personality in the future.
6820	Er spielte zu Beginn seiner Karriere in Schottland, zog jedoch nach Australien, um in der Victorian State League für Frankston City zu spielen.	He played in Scotland early in his career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian State League for Frankston City.	He played in Scotland early in his career but moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian State League.	He played in Scotland early in his career but moved to Australia to play for Frankston City in the Victorian State League.	She played in Scotland early in her career, but moved to Australia to play in the Victorian state League for Frankston city.	She played in Scotland early in her career but moved to Australia to play for Frankston city in the Victorian state League.
4763	Das spanische Florida wurde von ein paar hundert spanischen Soldaten verteidigt, und die übliche Strategie war, die Indianergebiete zu befrieden und nicht mit Waffen zu beliefern.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish soldiers, and the usual strategy was to pacify the Indian territories rather than supply them with arms.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops; regular policy was to pacify the Indians in their territory and not to provide them with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish troops, and the regular policy was to pacify the Indians in our territory and not to provide us with weapons.	Spanish Florida was defended by a few hundred Spanish soldiers, and the usual strategy was to pacify the Indian territories rather than supply us with arms.
5792	Nach dem Krieg spielte er für die Royal Navy in den Jahren 1948 und 1949 zweimal gegen die Army, sowie 1949 einmal gegen die Cambridge University.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war he played for the Royal Navy twice against the Army in 1948 and 1949 and once against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, he played twice for the Royal Navy against the army, in 1948 and in 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war, she played twice for the Royal Navy against the Army, in 1948 and 1949, and against Cambridge University in 1949.	After the war she played for the Royal Navy twice against the Army in 1948 and 1949 and once against Cambridge University in 1949.
4258	Nach seiner Abreise aus Belgien verpflichtete er sich für drei Jahre bei Bristol City in Australien, musste aber aufgrund von Visa-Problemen nach England zurückkehren.	After leaving Belgium, he signed for three years with Bristol City in Australia, but had to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium he signed for Bristol City in Australia for three years but was forced to return to England due to visa problems.	After leaving Belgium he signed with Bristol City for three years in Australia but had to return to England due to work visa issues.	After leaving Belgium, she signed for three years with Bristol city in Australia, but had to return to England due to Visa problems.	After leaving Belgium she signed for Bristol city in Australia for three years but was forced to return to England due to Visa problems.
