2	In letzter Zeit allerdings ist dies schwieriger denn je, ist doch der Goldpreis im letzten Jahrzehnt um über 300 Prozent angestiegen.	Lately, with gold prices up more than 300% over the last decade, it is harder than ever.	Recently, however, this is more difficult than ever, as the price of gold has risen by more than 300 percent in the last decade.	Recently, since gold prices have risen by more than 300% over the last ten years, it is more difficult than ever.	Lately, more than 300% over the last decade, it is harder than ever.	Recently difficult than ever, as the price of gold has risen by more than 300 percent in the last decade.
5	Seit der Veröffentlichung ihrer Artikel ist der Goldpreis noch weiter gestiegen.	Since their articles appeared, the price of gold has moved up still further.	Since the publication of her articles, the price of gold has continued to rise.	Since the publication of their articles, the price of gold has continued to rise.	Appeared, the price of gold has moved up still further.	Since the articles, the price of gold has continued to rise.
7	Im letzten Dezember argumentierten die Goldbugs, dass der Preis zweifellos in Richtung 2.000 Dollar gehen würde.	Last December, many gold bugs were arguing that the price was inevitably headed for $2,000.	Last December, the Goldbugs argued that the price would undoubtedly head towards $2,000.	In December last year, many gold bugs argued that price had necessarily risen to $2,000.	Last December were arguing that the price was inevitably headed for $2,000.	Last Goldbugs argued that the price would undoubtedly head towards $2,000.
8	Beflügelt aufgrund des anhaltenden Aufwärtstrends, meint man nun mancherorts, dass Gold sogar noch höher steigen könnte.	Now, emboldened by continuing appreciation, some are suggesting that gold could be headed even higher than that.	Buoyed by the ongoing uptrend, some now believe that gold could go even higher.	Well, encouraged by continued appreciation, some suggest that gold could be even higher than that.	Now, emboldened some are suggesting that gold could be headed even higher than that.	Buoyed by, some now believe that gold could go even higher.
11	Nun hat Gold die magische Grenze von 1.000 Dollar überschritten, warum sollte sich sein Wert daher nicht auch verzehnfachen?	Now that gold has crossed the magic $1,000 barrier, why can’t it increase ten-fold, too?	Now that gold has surpassed the magic mark of $1,000, why shouldn't its value also increase tenfold?	Now that gold has crossed the magic $1,000 barrier, why can't it also increase tenfold?	Now the magic $1,000 barrier, why can ’ t it increase Ten-Fold, too?	Now that magic mark of $1,000, why shouldn't its value also increase tenfold?
12	Zugegeben: Es bedarf keiner großen Fantasie, um sich einen noch höheren Goldpreis vorzustellen.	Admittedly, getting to a much higher price for gold is not quite the leap of imagination that it seems.	Admittedly, it doesn't take much imagination to imagine an even higher gold price.	Granted, at a much higher price for gold is not quite the leap of imagination that it seems.	A much higher price for gold is not quite the leap of imagination that it seems.	Admittedlyn't take much imagination to imagine an even higher gold price.
13	Denn inflationsbereinigt erreicht der Goldpreis von heute nicht annähernd das Allzeithoch von Januar 1980.	After adjusting for inflation, today’s price is nowhere near the all-time high of January 1980.	Adjusted for inflation, the price of gold today is nowhere near the all-time high of January 1980.	After adjustment to inflation, today's price is not yet close to the all-time high of January 1980.	After today ’ s price is nowhere near the all-time high of January 1980.	The price of gold today is nowhere near the all-time high of January 1980.
14	Damals lag Gold bei 850 Dollar, also in heutigem Geldwert um einiges über 2.000 Dollar.	Back then, gold hit $850, or well over $2,000 in today’s dollars.	Back then, gold was $850, which is well over $2,000 in today's money.	Back then, gold hit $850, or well over $2,000 in today's dollars.	Back then 850, or well over $2,000 in today ’ s dollars.	Back $850, which is well over $2,000 in today's money.
15	Allerdings gab es im Januar 1980 offensichtlich einen „Freak Peak“ in einer Zeit erhöhter geopolitischer Instabilität.	But January 1980 was arguably a “freak peak” during a period of heightened geo-political instability.	However, there appeared to be a "freak peak" in January 1980 at a time of heightened geopolitical instability.	But January 1980 was probably a freak summit during a period of increased geopolitical instability.	Arguably a “ freak peak ” during a period of heightened geo-political instability.	However, a "freak peak "in January 1980 at a time of heightened geopolitical instability.
18	Eine Möglichkeit wäre natürlich der totale Zusammenbruch des US-Dollars.	One answer, of course, is a complete collapse of the US dollar.	One possibility, of course, would be the total collapse of the US dollar.	One answer, of course, is a total collapse of the US dollar.	One course, is a complete collapse of the us dollar.	One course, would be the total collapse of the us dollar.
20	Und wer sich in dieser Hinsicht wirklich Sorgen macht, könnte in Gold tatsächlich die verlässlichste Absicherung finden.	And if you are really worried about that, gold might indeed be the most reliable hedge.	And for those who are really concerned about this, gold might actually be their most reliable hedge.	And if you're really worried about it, gold could indeed be the most reliable protection.	And if about that, gold might indeed be the most reliable hedge.	And for those about this, gold might actually be their most reliable hedge.
21	Natürlich kann man einwenden, dass inflationsindexierte Anleihen eine bessere und direktere Absicherung seien, als Gold.	Sure, some might argue that inflation-indexed bonds offer a better and more direct inflation hedge than gold.	Of course, one can argue that inflation-linked bonds are a better and more direct hedge than gold.	Sure, some might argue that inflation-indexed bonds offer better and more direct inflation protection than gold.	Argue that Inflation-Indexed bonds offer a better and more direct inflation hedge than gold.	Can argue that Inflation-Linked bonds are a better and more direct hedge than gold.
22	Aber die Goldbugs machen sich zu Recht Sorgen, ob die Regierung ein derartiges Engagement unter extremeren Umständen würdigte.	But gold bugs are right to worry about whether the government will honor its commitments under more extreme circumstances.	But the goldbugs are right to worry that the government has honored such a commitment in more extreme circumstances.	But gold bugs are rightly concerned about whether the government will comply with its obligations under more extreme circumstances.	But gold bugs about whether the government will honor its commitments under more extreme circumstances.	But the Goldbugs that the government has honored such a commitment in more extreme circumstances.
27	Darin liegt möglicherweise ein Körnchen Wahrheit – und ein gewisses Maß an Ironie.	There is probably some slight truth – and also a certain degree of irony – to this argument.	There may be a grain of truth in this - and a degree of irony.	There is probably a small truth – and also a certain degree of irony – to this argument.	There is – and also a certain degree of irony – to this argument.	There grain of truth in this - and a degree of irony.
29	Wäre es nicht paradox, wenn es der Finanz-Alchemie gelänge, den Wert eines Goldbarrens dramatisch steigen zu lassen?	Wouldn’t it be paradoxical, then, if financial alchemy could make an ingot of gold worth dramatically more?	Wouldn't it be paradoxical if financial alchemy could dramatically increase the value of a gold bar?	Wouldn't it be paradoxical if financial chemistry were dramatically worth more to a gold bar?	Be paradoxical, then, if financial alchemy could make an ingot of gold worth dramatically more?	Wouldn't it alchemy could dramatically increase the value of a gold bar?
31	Legionen neuer Verbraucher gewinnen an Kaufkraft und damit steigt zwangsläufig die Nachfrage, wodurch der Preis für knappe Güter steigt.	As legions of new consumers gain purchasing power, demand inevitably rises, driving up the price of scarce commodities.	Legions of new consumers gain purchasing power, and with it, demand inevitably increases, raising the price of scarce goods.	As legions of new consumers gain purchasing power, demand inevitably increases and drives the price of scarce raw materials.	Consumers gain purchasing power, demand inevitably rises, driving up the price of scarce commodities.	Legions of new and with it, demand inevitably increases, raising the price of scarce goods.
35	Der Goldpreis ist extrem empfindlich hinsichtlich globaler Veränderungen des Zinssatzes.	Gold prices are extremely sensitive to global interest-rate movements.	The price of gold is extremely sensitive to global changes in interest rates.	Gold prices are extremely sensitive to global interest rates.	Gold extremely sensitive to global interest-rate movements.	Gold is extremely sensitive to global changes in interest rates.
38	Wenn aber die realen Zinssätze signifikant ansteigen, wie dies eines Tages durchaus möglich ist, könnte der Goldkurs abstürzen.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as well they might someday, gold prices could plummet.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as they may someday, gold prices could plummet.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, and they could one day also, gold prices could fall.	But if significantly, as well they might someday, gold prices could plummet.	But if significantly, as they may someday, gold prices could plummet.
41	Ja, mit Gold ist es prima gelaufen, aber bis vor ein paar Jahren war es auch mit weltweiten Immobilienpreisen so.	Yes, gold has had a great run, but so, too, did worldwide housing prices until a couple of years ago.	Yes, gold was great, but so was global property prices until a few years ago.	Yes, Gold has made a great run, but so has the worldwide housing prices until a few years ago.	Yes great run, but so, too, did worldwide housing prices until a couple of years ago.	Yes, but so was global property prices until a few years ago.
44	Natürlich haben derartige Überlegungen möglicherweise wenig Einfluss auf die Goldpreise.	Of course, such considerations might have little influence on prices.	Of course, such considerations may have little bearing on gold prices.	Of course, such considerations could have little impact on prices.	Of such considerations might have little influence on prices.	Of course may have little bearing on gold prices.
45	Was für die Alchemisten von damals galt, trifft auch heute noch zu: Gold und Vernunft sind oft schwer unter einen Hut zu bringen.	What was true for the alchemists of yore remains true today: gold and reason are often difficult to reconcile.	What was true for the alchemists of that time is still true today: gold and reason are often difficult to reconcile.	What was true for the alchemists of old remains true today: gold and reason are often difficult to reconcile.	The alchemists of yore remains true today: gold and reason are often difficult to reconcile.	Alchemists of that time is still true today: gold and reason are often difficult to reconcile.
51	Die Tendenz ist entweder eine übermäßige Zügelung (Europa) oder eine Streuung der Bemühungen (die Vereinigten Staaten).	The tendency is either excessive restraint (Europe) or a diffusion of the effort (the United States).	The trend is either excessive restraint (Europe) or diversification of effort (the United States).	The trend is either an excessive restraint (Europe) or a spread of efforts (the United States).	Excessive restraint (Europe) or a diffusion of the effort (the United States).	The restraint (Europe) or diversification of effort (the United States).
53	Geostrategen hingegen fällt sowohl in politischer als auch in wirtschaftlicher Hinsicht natürlich das Jahr 1989 ein.	For geo-strategists, however, the year that naturally comes to mind, in both politics and economics, is 1989.	Geostrategists, on the other hand, naturally think of 1989, both politically and economically.	For geo-strategists, 1989 is the year that naturally comes to mind in politics and the economy.	For the year that naturally comes to mind, in both politics and economics, is 1989.	The other hand, naturally think of 1989, both politically and economically.
54	Der Niedergang der Investmentbank Lehman Brothers hat natürlich nichts mit dem Fall der Berliner Mauer zu tun.	Of course, the fall of the house of Lehman Brothers has nothing to do with the fall of the Berlin Wall.	Of course, the collapse of the investment bank Lehman Brothers has nothing to do with the fall of the Berlin Wall.	Of course, the fall of Lehman Brothers has nothing to do with the fall of the Berlin Wall.	Of course, of Lehman Brothers has nothing to do with the fall of the Berlin wall.	Of the investment bank Lehman Brothers has nothing to do with the fall of the Berlin wall.
57	Das Ende der ideologischen Teilung zwischen Ost und West und das Ende des absoluten Vertrauens in die Märkte sind historische Wendepunkte.	The end of the East-West ideological divide and the end of absolute faith in markets are historical turning points.	The end of the ideological divide between East and West and the end of absolute trust in the markets are historic turning points.	The end of the ideological divide East-West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points.	East-west ideological divide and the end of absolute faith in markets are historical turning points.	The end of and West and the end of absolute trust in the markets are historic turning points.
65	Jeder scheint ein Verlierer zu sein, auch wenn einige stärker betroffen sind als andere.	Everyone seems to be a loser, even if some are more affected than others.	Everyone seems to be a loser, even if some are hit harder than others.	Everyone seems to be a loser, even though some are more affected than others.	Everyone seems loser, even if some are more affected than others.	Everyone seems loser, even if some are hit harder than others.
69	Man spürt so etwas wie die Entstehung eines amerikanisch-asiatisch dominierten Universums.	One senses something like the making of an American-Asian dominated universe.	You can feel something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe.	You feel something like the creation of an American-Asian dominated universe.	One like the making of an American-Asian dominated universe.	You like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe.
75	Die Konsequenzen des Jahres 1989 waren letztlich weniger dauerhaft als viele Beobachter, ich eingeschlossen, angenommen hatten.	The consequences of 1989 ended up being less enduring than many observers, including me, would have assumed.	The consequences of 1989 were ultimately less permanent than many observers, myself included, had assumed.	The consequences of 1989 were less sustainable than many observers, including myself, would have assumed.	The consequences of less enduring than many observers, including me, would have assumed.	The ultimately less permanent than many observers, myself included, had assumed.
79	NEW YORK – Als der Zweite Weltkrieg am 8. Mai 1945 in Europa offiziell endete, lagen weite Teile der Welt in Trümmern.	NEW YORK – On May 8, 1945, when World War II in Europe officially ended, much of the world lay in ruins.	NEW YORK – When World War II officially ended in Europe on May 8, 1945, much of the world lay in ruins.	NEW YORK – On 8 May 1945, when the Second World War officially ended in Europe, much of the world lay in ruins.	New York –, when World War II in Europe officially ended, much of the world lay in ruins.	War II officially ended in Europe on May 8, 1945, much of the world lay in ruins.
80	Aber auch wenn die Fähigkeit des Menschen zur Zerstörung kaum Grenzen kennt, so ist seine Begabung für einen Neuanfang ebenso bemerkenswert.	But if the human capacity for destruction knows few limits, the ability to start over again is just as remarkable.	But even if man's capacity for destruction knows no bounds, his gift for a new beginning is just as remarkable.	But if human destructive ability knows only a few limits, the ability to start over again is just as remarkable.	But if destruction knows few limits, the ability to start over again is just as remarkable.	But for destruction knows no bounds, his gift for a new beginning is just as remarkable.
81	Vielleicht ist es der Menschheit aus diesem Grund bisher gelungen, zu überleben.	Perhaps that is why mankind has so far managed to survive.	Perhaps this is why humanity has managed to survive so far.	Perhaps that is why mankind has been able to survive.	Perhaps why mankind has so far managed to survive.	Is why humanity has managed to survive so far.
82	Zweifellos waren Millionen Menschen bei Kriegsende zu hungrig und erschöpft, um jenseits des nackten Überlebens viel zu unternehmen.	No doubt, millions of people at the end of the war were too hungry and exhausted to do anything much beyond staying alive.	Undoubtedly, by the time the war ended, millions of people were too hungry and exhausted to do much beyond mere survival.	Undoubtedly, millions of people were too hungry and exhausted at the end of the war to do much more than stay alive.	No doubt, end of the war were too hungry and exhausted to do anything much beyond staying alive.	Undoubtedly war ended, millions of people were too hungry and exhausted to do much beyond mere survival.
88	In Ländern wie Frankreich, Italien und Griechenland war von Revolution die Rede.	There was talk of revolution in countries such as France, Italy, and Greece.	In countries like France, Italy and Greece there was talk of revolution.	There was talk of revolution in countries like France, Italy and Greece.	There revolution in countries such as France, Italy, and Greece.	France, Italy and Greece there was talk of revolution.
89	Diese fanden allerdings nicht statt, weil sie weder von den westlichen Alliierten noch von der Sowjetunion unterstützt wurden.	This did not happen, because neither the Western Allies nor the Soviet Union supported it.	However, these did not take place because they were not supported either by the Western Allies or by the Soviet Union.	This did not happen because neither the Western Allies nor the Soviet Union supported them.	Happen, because neither the Western allies nor the Soviet Union supported it.	Take place because they were not supported either by the Western allies or by the Soviet Union.
90	Stalin gab sich zufrieden, in Osteuropa ein Reich entstehen zu lassen.	Stalin was content to settle for an empire in Eastern Europe.	Stalin was content to create an empire in Eastern Europe.	Stalin was content with an empire in Eastern Europe.	Stalin to settle for an empire in Eastern Europe.	Content to create an empire in Eastern Europe.
92	Der Schwenk nach links in Richtung sozialdemokratischer Wohlfahrtsstaaten vollzog sich in ganz Westeuropa.	The swing to the left, to social-democratic welfare states, occurred all over Western Europe.	The swing to the left towards social-democratic welfare states took place across Western Europe.	The momentum to the left, to social democratic welfare states, occurred throughout Western Europe.	The left, to Social-Democratic welfare States, occurred all over Western Europe.	The left towards Social-Democratic welfare States took place across Western Europe.
95	Auch Vietnamesen, Indonesier, Filipinos, Burmesen, Inder und Malaysier wollten ihre Freiheit.	Vietnamese, Indonesians, Filipinos, Burmese, Indians, and Malays wanted their freedom, too.	Vietnamese, Indonesians, Filipinos, Burmese, Indians and Malaysians also wanted their freedom.	Vietnamese, Indonesian, Filipino, Burmese, Indian and Malay also wanted their freedom.	Vietnamese, Indonesians, Indians, and Malays wanted their freedom, too.	Vietnamese Filipinos, Burmese, Indians and Malaysians also wanted their freedom.
96	Diese Bestrebungen wurden oftmals in den 1945 gegründeten Vereinten Nationen zum Ausdruck gebracht.	These aspirations were often voiced in the United Nations, founded in 1945.	These aspirations were often expressed in the United Nations, founded in 1945.	These efforts were often expressed in the United Nations, which was founded in 1945.	Often voiced in the United Nations, founded in 1945.	These aspirations in the United Nations, founded in 1945.
102	Tatsächlich waren die meisten Sozialdemokraten erbitterte Gegner des Kommunismus.	Most social democrats were in fact fiercely anti-communist.	In fact, most social democrats were bitter opponents of communism.	Most Social Democrats were indeed violently anti-communist.	Democrats were in fact fiercely anti-Communist.	, most social Democrats were bitter opponents of communism.
104	Wenigen Menschen gelingt es, große Begeisterung für die UNO aufzubringen.	Few people can muster great enthusiasm for the UN.	Few people manage to muster great enthusiasm for the UN.	Few people have great enthusiasm for the UN.	Can muster great enthusiasm for the UN.	Manage to muster great enthusiasm for the UN.
106	Und der sozialdemokratische Wohlfahrtsstaat der Nachkriegszeit wird mit jedem Tag stärker ausgehöhlt.	And the post-war social-democratic welfare state is being eroded more and more every day.	And the social-democratic welfare state of the post-war period is being eroded more and more every day.	And the social-democratic welfare state of the post-war era is becoming more and more eroded every day.	Social-Democratic welfare state is being eroded more and more every day.	And the Social-Democratic post-war period is being eroded more and more every day.
107	Dieser Verfall begann in den 1980er Jahren unter Ronald Reagan und Margaret Thatcher.	The rot began during the 1980s, under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.	This decline began in the 1980s under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.	The rot began in the 1980s under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.	The the 1980s, under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.	This the 1980s under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.
108	Die Neoliberalen nahmen die Kosten der Sozialprogramme und die Partikularinteressen der Gewerkschaften ins Visier.	Neoliberals attacked the expense of entitlement programs and the vested interests of trade unions.	The neoliberals targeted the cost of social programs and the vested interests of unions.	Neoliberals attacked the costs of rights programs and the peculiar interests of trade unions.	Neoliberals attacked entitlement programs and the vested interests of trade unions.	The cost of social programs and the vested interests of unions.
109	Die Bürger, so meinte man, müssten stärker selbstverantwortlich agieren. Staatliche Sozialprogramme würden sie träge und abhängig machen.	Citizens, it was thought, had to become more self-reliant; government welfare programs were making everyone soft and dependent.	Citizens, it was felt, should act more responsibly. Government welfare programs would make them lazy and dependent.	The citizens, it was said, had to become more selfish; the government's welfare programs made everyone soft and dependent.	Thought, had to become more self-reliant; government welfare programs were making everyone soft and dependent.	Citizens, it act more responsibly . government welfare programs would make them lazy and dependent.
115	Die Sozialdemokratie verlor ihre Daseinsberechtigung als Gegenmittel zum Kommunismus.	Social democracy lost its raison d’être as an antidote to Communism.	Social democracy lost its raison d'être as an antidote to communism.	Social democracy lost its right to exist as an antidote to communism.	Its Raison D ’ Être as an antidote to communism.	Social its Raison D'Être as an antidote to communism.
119	In den letzten Jahren entwickelten sich auch andere Ideologien, um dem menschlichen Bedürfnis nach kollektiven Idealen gerecht zu werden.	In recent years, other ideologies have also emerged to fill the human need for collective ideals.	In recent years, other ideologies have also developed to meet the human need for collective ideals.	In recent years, other ideologies have also emerged to satisfy the human need for collective ideals.	In recent years also emerged to fill the human need for collective ideals.	In recent years also developed to meet the human need for collective ideals.
125	Aber neue Bestrebungen in Richtung sozialer und wirtschaftlicher Gleichheit sowie internationaler Solidarität sind dringend erforderlich.	But a new aspiration toward social and economic equality, and international solidarity, is badly needed.	But new aspirations towards social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed.	But a new pursuit of social and economic equality and international solidarity is urgently needed.	But a and economic equality, and international solidarity, is badly needed.	But social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed.
130	Dreißig Jahre später sind die Europäer allerdings mit einer anderen Realität konfrontiert.	But 30 years later, Europeans have awoken to a new reality.	Thirty years later, however, Europeans are faced with a different reality.	But 30 years later, Europeans have awakened to a new reality.	But, Europeans have Awoken to a new reality.	Thirty years, Europeans are faced with a different reality.
145	Aus bulgarischer Perspektive erscheint die moralische Missionierung durch die Briten jedoch als Heuchelei.	Viewed from the Bulgarian side, though, Britain’s moral proselytizing looks like hypocrisy.	From a Bulgarian perspective, however, the moral proselytization by the British appears to be hypocrisy.	From the Bulgarian side, however, Britain's moral proselytization looks like hypocrisy.	Viewed from, though, Britain ’ s moral proselytizing looks like hypocrisy.	From however, the moral Proselytization by the British appears to be hypocrisy.
159	Beide Seiten behaupteten, von den Handlungen der jeweils anderen moralisch abgestoßen zu sein.	Both sides claimed to be morally appalled by the actions of the other.	Both sides claimed to be morally repelled by each other's actions.	Both sides claimed to be morally appalled by the actions of the others.	Both sides morally appalled by the actions of the other.	Both sides morally repelled by each other's actions.
162	Für einen Betrachter aus dem Jahr 1989 würde sich die aktuelle Situation zweifellos absurd präsentieren.	The situation doubtless would look perverse to an onlooker visiting from 1989.	To a viewer from 1989, the current situation would no doubt present itself as absurd.	The situation would undoubtedly look perverse to a visitor from 1989.	Would look perverse to an onlooker visiting from 1989.	From 1989, the current situation would no doubt present itself as absurd.
165	Wie so oft zeigen sich tiefgreifende historische Veränderungen zuerst in der Populärkultur und erst später in der formellen Politik.	As is often the case, deep historical shifts tend to show up first in popular culture, and only then in formal politics.	As is so often the case, profound historical changes manifest themselves first in popular culture and only later in formal politics.	As is often the case, deep historical shifts tend to appear first in popular culture and only then in formal politics.	As is historical shifts tend to show up first in popular culture, and only then in formal politics.	As is profound historical changes manifest themselves first in popular culture and only later in formal politics.
175	Und sie werden darauf verweisen, dass dies zwar ein ehrenwertes Ziel, aber bei weitem nicht die einzige Notwendigkeit war.	While this was a worthy goal, historians will point out, it was far from the only imperative.	And they will point out that while that was a worthy goal, it was far from the only necessity.	While this was a worthy goal, historians will point out that it was anything but the only imperative.	While this, historians will point out, it was far from the only imperative.	Out that while that was a worthy goal, it was far from the only necessity.
177	Doch wurde in dieses Unterfangen bisher nicht annähernd genug investiert.	Yet not nearly enough has been invested in this effort.	However, not nearly enough has been invested in this endeavor so far.	However, not nearly enough investment has been made in these efforts.	Nearly enough has been invested in this effort.	However enough has been invested in this endeavor so far.
184	Neue, durch die Technologie ermöglichte Finanzinstrumente boten einigen Gelegenheit, enorme Summen zu verdienen.	New technology-enabled financial instruments created opportunities for some to make huge amounts of money.	New financial instruments made possible by technology have provided opportunities for some to make enormous sums of money.	New technological financial instruments created for some opportunities to earn huge sums of money.	New Technology-Enabled opportunities for some to make huge amounts of money.	New by technology have provided opportunities for some to make enormous sums of money.
197	Zudem sollten wir sicherstellen, dass wir die internationalen Institutionen mit den nötigen Ressourcen und Zuständigkeiten ausstatten.	Moreover, we should ensure that we provide international institutions with the needed resources and responsibilities.	We should also make sure that we give the international institutions the necessary resources and responsibilities.	In addition, we should ensure that we make the necessary resources and responsibilities available to the international institutions.	Moreover ensure that we provide International institutions with the needed resources and responsibilities.	We should that we give the International institutions the necessary resources and responsibilities.
201	Sofern wir nicht bald Kurs wechseln, wird die Welt des Jahres 2118 jeden Grund haben, mit Verachtung auf uns herabzuschauen.	Unless we change course soon, the world of 2118 will have much reason to regard us with scorn.	Unless we change course soon, the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down on us with contempt.	If we do not change course soon, the world of 2118 will have a lot of reason to look at us with contempt.	Unless we the world of 2118 will have much reason to regard us with scorn.	Unless we change world of 2118 will have every reason to look down on us with contempt.
217	Seltsamerweise haben die 1960er eine starke Verbindung zu den 1860ern.	Oddly, the 1960s strongly paralleled the 1860s.	Oddly enough, the 1960s have a strong connection to the 1860s.	Strangely, the 1960's were strongly parallel to the 1860's.	The 1960s strongly paralleled the 1860S.	The 1960s have a strong connection to the 1860S.
218	Von Giuseppe Verdi und Richard Wagner bis zu den Beatles und den Rolling Stones standen beide Jahrzehnte für bahnbrechende Musik.	From Giuseppe Verdi and Richard Wagner to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, each decade gave rise to transformational music.	From Giuseppe Verdi and Richard Wagner to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, both have represented groundbreaking music for decades.	From Giuseppe Verdi and Richard Wagner to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones each decade led to transformative music.	Richard Wagner to the Beatles and the rolling stones, each decade gave rise to Transformational music.	Richard Wagner to the Beatles and the rolling stones, both have represented groundbreaking music for decades.
219	Und die Dampfschifffahrt auf dem Meer war ebenso revolutionär wie das Passagierflugzeug ein Jahrhundert später.	And the transoceanic steamship would prove to be as revolutionary as the passenger jet a century later.	And steamboat travel on the sea was just as revolutionary as the passenger plane a century later.	And the Transocean steamship would be as revolutionary as the passenger jet a century later.	And prove to be as revolutionary as the passenger jet a century later.	And sea was just as revolutionary as the passenger plane a century later.
224	Napoleon, Alexander und Wilson wünschten sich eine durch rationale Gesetze regierte und befriedete Welt.	Napoleon, Alexander, and Wilson each imagined a world governed and pacified by rational law.	Napoleon, Alexander and Wilson wanted a world governed and pacified by rational laws.	Napoleon, Alexander, and Wilson each imagined a world governed and satisfied by rational law.	, and Wilson each imagined a world governed and pacified by rational law.	Napoleon Wilson wanted a world governed and pacified by rational laws.
230	Den Anschein der Hoffnung hat Obama meisterhaft beschworen, aber nicht ihre Verwirklichung.	Obama masterfully conjured the appearance of hope, but not its actualization.	Obama masterfully invoked the appearance of hope, but not its realization.	Obama masterfully conjured up the appearance of hope, but not its update.	The appearance of hope, but not its Actualization.	Obama appearance of hope, but not its realization.
231	Der Arabische Frühling endete in bitterer Desillusionierung durch Repressionen, Bürgerkrieg, Elend und Tod.	The Arab Spring ended in bitter disillusionment, via repression, civil war, misery, and death.	The Arab Spring ended in bitter disillusionment with repression, civil war, misery and death.	The Arab Spring ended with bitter disillusionment, repression, civil war, misery and death.	The Arab disillusionment, via repression, civil war, misery, and death.	Ended in bitter disillusionment with repression, civil war, misery and death.
232	Wie so oft hatte die politische Ernüchterung auch ein wirtschaftliches Gegenstück.	As is often the case, political disenchantment has had an economic counterpart.	As is so often the case, political disillusionment also had an economic counterpart.	How often does political disillusionment have an economic counterpart.	The case, political Disenchantment has had an economic counterpart.	As is case, political disillusionment also had an economic counterpart.
234	Statt dessen wurde der Deflationsdruck durch die Globalisierung und den technologischen Wandel angetrieben.	Rather, disinflationary pressure was driven by a combination of globalization and technological change.	Instead, deflationary pressures have been fueled by globalization and technological change.	Rather, inflationary pressures were driven by a combination of globalisation and technological change.	Rather was driven by a combination of globalization and technological change.	Instead have been fueled by globalization and technological change.
240	Und wenn er sich festsetzt, schafft er die Bedingungen für eine „Politik jenseits der Wahrheit“.	As it takes hold, it creates the conditions for “post-truth” politics.	And when it takes hold, it creates the conditions for "politics beyond the truth."	While it holds, it creates the conditions for post-truth policy.	As it it creates the conditions for “ Post-Truth ” politics.	And when it creates the conditions for "politics beyond the truth . "
244	Aber was die sozioökonomische Mobilität betrifft, hinkt es heute hinter anderen Industriestaaten her.	But it now lags behind most other advanced economies in terms of socioeconomic mobility.	But in terms of socio-economic mobility, it is now lagging behind other industrialized countries.	But now it is behind most other advanced economies in terms of socio-economic mobility.	But it most other advanced economies in terms of socioeconomic mobility.	But in mobility, it is now lagging behind other industrialized countries.
246	Aber diese Eigenschaften wurden von Wellen der Migration und anderen Globalisierungskräften überwältigt.	But those sentiments have been overwhelmed by waves of migration and other forces of globalization.	But these qualities have been overwhelmed by waves of migration and other forces of globalization.	But these feelings were overwhelmed by waves of migration and other forces of globalization.	Have been overwhelmed by waves of migration and other forces of globalization.	But these overwhelmed by waves of migration and other forces of globalization.
247	Genauer gesagt, in den 2010ern wurde das Versprechen einer globalen, auf Regeln beruhenden Ordnung gebrochen.	More to the point, in the 2010s, the promise of a global rules-based order was broken.	More specifically, in the 2010s, the promise of a global rules-based order was broken.	More on the point in the 2010s, the promise of a global rule-based order was broken.	, in the 2010S, the promise of a global Rules-Based order was broken.	More specifically 2010S, the promise of a global Rules-Based order was broken.
249	Sie haben nicht nur militärische Macht, sondern auch ihre ganz eigenen Ideen.	Each is equipped with not only military might, but also a specific set of ideas.	Not only do they have military power, they also have their own ideas.	Each is equipped with not only military power, but also with a certain set of ideas.	Each is only military might, but also a specific set of ideas.	Not only military power, they also have their own ideas.
250	Seit Jahrhunderten sind die „Zehner“ das Gegenmodell zu den „Sechzigern“.	For centuries, the “teens” have been the antithesis of the “sixties.”	For centuries, the "tens" have been the counter-model to the "sixties".	For centuries, the "Teens" have been the antithesis of the "Sixties".	The “ teens ” have been the antithesis of the “ sixties . ”	For centuries tens "have been the Counter-Model to the "sixties ".
251	Sie waren Zeiten, in denen die „Kühnheit der Hoffnung“ hinter Verzweiflung, Enttäuschung und Falschheit verschwand.	They have been times when the audacity of hope is replaced with despair, disillusionment, and falsehood.	They were times when the "boldness of hope" gave way to despair, disappointment and falsehood.	They have been times when the boldness of hope is replaced by despair, disillusionment, and lies.	They have been of hope is replaced with despair, disillusionment, and falsehood.	They "boldness of hope "gave way to despair, disappointment and falsehood.
253	Die Erholung davon wird lang dauern, und nur wenige von uns werden das Privileg haben, die 2060er zu erleben.	It will take a long time to recover, and only some of us will have the privilege of witnessing the 2060s.	Recovery from this will be long and few of us will have the privilege of seeing the 2060s.	It will take a long time to recover, and only some of us will have the privilege of witnessing to the 2060s.	It will recover, and only some of us will have the privilege of witnessing the 2060S.	Recovery from this few of us will have the privilege of seeing the 2060S.
259	Als Kind dachte ich, dass ich ohne große Anstrengungen meinerseits eines Tages zum Mond fliegen würde.	First of all, as a kid, I just assumed that I would go to the moon, without having to do much in particular to make it happen.	As a child I thought that without much effort on my part I would one day fly to the moon.	As a child, I initially assumed that I would go to the moon without having to do particularly much to let it happen.	First of all just assumed that I would go to the moon, without having to do much in particular to make it happen.	As a child much effort on my part I would one day fly to the moon.
260	Es war für mich klar, dass Reisen ins All eine Selbstverständlichkeit sein würden, wenn ich einmal so um die 40 bin.	I just took it for granted that, by the time I was, say, 40, space travel would be a common thing.	It was clear to me that when I was around 40, traveling into space would be a matter of course.	I only took it for granted that until I was, let's say, 40, space travel would be a common cause.	I just took it the time I was, say, 40, space travel would be a common thing.	It that when I was around 40, traveling into space would be a matter of course.
263	Vor ein paar Jahren allerdings rückte die Raumfahrt wieder in das Zentrum meiner Aufmerksamkeit.	A few years ago, however, I started paying attention to space again.	A few years ago, however, space travel became the focus of my attention again.	A few years ago, however, I began to look out for space again.	Ago, however, I started paying attention to space again.	A few however, space travel became the focus of my attention again.
268	Eines Abends saßen wir bei Sonnenuntergang um ein Lagerfeuer, als 50 südafrikanische Schulkinder in Bussen ankamen.	One evening, the group sat around a campfire as the sun set, and around 50 African schoolchildren were bussed in.	One evening we were sitting around a campfire at sunset when 50 South African school children arrived in buses.	One evening the group sat at a campfire when the sun went down, and about 50 African schoolchildren were taken on the bus.	Sat around a campfire as the sun set, and around 50 African schoolchildren were Bussed in.	One around a campfire at sunset when 50 South African school children arrived in buses.
269	Zusammen mit Präsident Mbeki bestand die Gruppe aus etwa 100 Personen, die sich um das lodernde Feuer versammelt hatten.	Altogether, there were about 100 of us, President Mbeki included, around a roaring fire.	Along with President Mbeki, the group consisted of about 100 people gathered around the blazing fire.	In total, there were about 100 of us, including President Mbeki, to a roaring fire.	Altogether, of us, president Mbeki included, around a roaring fire.	Along with group consisted of about 100 people gathered around the blazing fire.
270	Nach Einbruch der Dunkelheit wurde eine Leinwand aufgestellt und Mark zeigte uns Videos aus dem Weltraum.	Once it was dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed home videos from space.	After dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	As soon as it was dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed home videos from space.	Once it screen was set up and mark showed home videos from space.	A screen was set up and mark showed us videos from space.
273	Schließlich beteiligte ich mich an der Firma Space Adventures, die Shuttleworths Trip in den Weltraum organisiert hatte.	Eventually, I invested in Space Adventures, the company that organized Shuttleworth’s trip into space.	Eventually I got involved with the Space Adventures company that organized Shuttleworth's trip into space.	Finally, I invested in Space Adventures, the company that organized Shuttleworth's journey into space.	Eventually, I, the company that organized Shuttleworth ’ s trip into space.	Eventually with the space adventures company that organized Shuttleworth's trip into space.
276	Bald darauf begann ich so nebenbei über die Möglichkeit zu sprechen, Ersatzkosmonautin im Space Adventures-Team zu werden.	Soon after, I started casually discussing the notion of becoming a backup cosmonaut with the Space Adventures team.	Soon after, I began casually talking about the possibility of becoming a backup cosmonaut on the Space Adventures team.	Soon after, I began to casually discuss the idea of becoming a cosmonaut working with the Space Adventures team.	Soon after discussing the notion of becoming a backup Cosmonaut with the space adventures team.	Soon after, about the possibility of becoming a backup Cosmonaut on the space adventures team.
279	Space Adventures drängte auf einen Termin im Jahr 2009, aber ich war zu beschäftigt.	Space Adventures was pushing for 2009, but I was pretty busy.	Space Adventures was pushing for a 2009 date, but I was too busy.	Space Adventures pushed for 2009, but I was pretty busy.	Space for 2009, but I was pretty busy.	Space for a 2009 date, but I was too busy.
281	(Mittlerweile geht es ihr wieder gut und sie hat auch gerade einen Mini-Marathon gewonnen).	(She is doing well now and, in fact, just won a mini-marathon.)	(She's fine now, and just won a mini-marathon, too).	(She's fine now, and in fact, she just won a mini marathon.)	Doing well now and, in fact, just won a Mini-Marathon.)	Fine now, and just won a Mini-Marathon, too).
291	In mancher Hinsicht ist die Einschätzung des Papstes natürlich gerechtfertigt.	Admittedly, the pope’s characterization was alarmingly accurate in some respects.	In some respects, of course, the Pope's assessment is justified.	Admittedly, the characterization of the Pope was alarmingly accurate in some respects.	Admittedly, S characterization was alarmingly accurate in some respects.	, of course, the Pope's assessment is justified.
292	Aber trotz offensichtlicher Müdigkeit hat Europa auch weiterhin deutliche Stärken.	But, despite its seeming lassitude, Europe retains significant strengths.	But despite obvious fatigue, Europe still has clear strengths.	But despite its apparent inertia, Europe retains important strengths.	Despite its seeming lassitude, Europe retains significant strengths.	But fatigue, Europe still has clear strengths.
302	(Würde TTIP für andere Volkswirtschaften – wie Mexiko, Kanada oder die Türkei – geöffnet, wäre der Nutzen sogar noch größer.)	(If the TTIP was opened to other economies – such as Turkey, Mexico, and Canada – the benefits would be even greater.)	(If TTIP were opened up to other economies—like Mexico, Canada, or Turkey—the benefits would be even greater.)	(If TTIP were opened to other economies, such as Turkey, Mexico and Canada, the benefits would be even greater.)	(if other economies – such as Turkey, Mexico, and Canada – the benefits would be even greater.)	Opened up to other Economies—Like Mexico, Canada, or Turkey—The benefits would be even greater.)
303	Noch offensichtlicher als der Nutzen des Abkommens wären allerdings die katastrophalen Folgen eines möglichen Scheiterns.	Even more compelling than the benefits of achieving an agreement, though, are the potentially catastrophic consequences of failure.	Even more obvious than the benefits of the agreement, however, would be the catastrophic consequences of a possible failure.	However, the potentially catastrophic consequences of failure are even more compelling than the benefits of an agreement.	The benefits of achieving an agreement, though, are the potentially catastrophic consequences of failure.	Even more obvious the agreement, however, would be the catastrophic consequences of a possible failure.
308	Als TTIP vorgeschlagen wurde, schien Europa den Wert des Abkommens zu erkennen.	When the TTIP was first proposed, Europe seemed to recognize its value.	When TTIP was proposed, Europe seemed to see the value of the deal.	When the TTIP was first proposed, Europe seemed to acknowledge its value.	When first proposed, Europe seemed to recognize its value.	Proposed, Europe seemed to see the value of the deal.
310	Das Ziel war, die Verhandlungen „mit einer Tankfüllung“ hinter sich zu bringen.	The ambition was to complete the negotiations on “one tank of gas.”	The aim was to get the negotiations over with “with a tank of fuel”.	The ambition was to complete negotiations on a tank of gas.	The complete the negotiations on “ one tank of gas . ”	The aim the negotiations over with “ with a tank of fuel ”.
311	Niemand wollte lange Gespräche oder die damit verbundenen politischen Schmerzen.	No one wanted to endure protracted talks – or the associated political pain.	No one wanted long talks or the political pain that came with them.	No one wanted to endure lengthy conversations – or the associated political pain.	No one protracted talks – or the associated political pain.	Long talks or the political pain that came with them.
312	Aber die EU-Politiker haben das Projekt mehr oder weniger aufgegeben und damit die amerikanischen Sorgen bestätigt.	But EU leaders essentially abandoned the project, seemingly confirming American fears.	But EU politicians have more or less abandoned the project, confirming American concerns.	But the EU leaders have essentially abandoned the project, which seems to confirm American fears.	But Eu the project, seemingly confirming American fears.	But Eu or less abandoned the project, confirming American concerns.
315	Und sie müssen ihre Verpflichtung erneuern, die Verhandlungen 2015 erfolgreich zum Abschluss zu bringen.	And they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment to bringing the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015.	And they must revive their commitment to the successful conclusion of the 2015 talks.	Revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015.	And their commitment to bringing the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015.
316	Das heißt nicht, dass die Beseitigung der immer noch bestehenden Probleme bei den TTIP-Verhandlungen einfach sein wird.	This is not to say that resolving the remaining issues in the TTIP negotiations will be simple.	This does not mean that solving the remaining problems in the TTIP negotiations will be easy.	This does not mean that solving the remaining problems in the TTIP negotiations will be easy.	This is not the remaining issues in the Ttip negotiations will be simple.	Mean that solving the remaining problems in the Ttip negotiations will be easy.
320	Die gute Nachricht ist, dass ihre Chancen durch die aktuellen Zwischenwahlen in den USA verbessert werden könnten.	The good news is that the recent midterm elections in the US might have improved their chances.	The good news is that the current US midterm elections could improve their chances.	The good news is that the recent interim elections in the US may have improved their chances.	The good news Midterm elections in the us might have improved their chances.	The that the current us Midterm elections could improve their chances.
321	Präsident Barack Obama könnte jetzt durch den Kongress eine so genannte Schnellverhandlungsermächtigung erhalten.	President Barack Obama now might get so-called fast-track negotiating authority from Congress.	President Barack Obama could now receive what is known as fast-track authorization through Congress.	President Barack Obama could now receive a so-called rapid negotiation authority from Congress.	President might get so-called Fast-Track negotiating authority from Congress.	Could now receive what is known as Fast-Track authorization through Congress.
322	Dann könnte der Kongress, anstatt die einzelnen Details zu zerpflücken, jedes verhandeltes Abkommen einfach annehmen oder ablehnen.	If he does, Congress would simply approve or reject any negotiated agreement, rather than picking it apart.	Then, instead of picking through the details, Congress could simply accept or reject each negotiated deal.	If he does, Congress would simply approve or reject any negotiated agreement rather than tear it apart.	Congress would simply approve or reject any negotiated agreement, rather than picking it apart.	Then, instead details, Congress could simply accept or reject each negotiated deal.
323	Während jetzt die US-Wahlsaison beginnt, könnte die EU-Agenda im neuen Jahr leicht durch andere Themen in Beschlag genommen werden.	The US presidential election season is starting, and other issues in the new year could easily take over the EU agenda.	With the US election season now beginning, the EU agenda could easily be monopolized by other issues in the new year.	The US presidential election season is beginning, and other issues in the new year could easily take over the EU agenda.	The starting, and other issues in the new year could easily take over the Eu agenda.	Now beginning, the Eu agenda could easily be monopolized by other issues in the new year.
325	Sie müssen die wirtschaftliche Gelegenheit beim Schopfe packen – und eine strategische Katastrophe verhindern.	They must seize economic opportunity – and avert strategic disaster.	You must seize the economic opportunity - and avoid a strategic catastrophe.	They must seize the economic opportunity – and avert strategic catastrophe.	Seize economic opportunity – and avert strategic disaster.	You must opportunity - and avoid a strategic catastrophe.
328	WASHINGTON, DC – Im letzten April prognostizierte der Internationale Währungsfonds, die Weltwirtschaft werde 2015 um 3,5% wachsen..	WASHINGTON, DC – Last April, the International Monetary Fund projected that the world economy would grow by 3.5% in 2015.	WASHINGTON, DC - Last April, the International Monetary Fund forecast the global economy to grow 3.5% in 2015.	WASHINGTON, DC – Last April, the International Monetary Fund predicted that the global economy would grow by 3.5% in 2015.	Washington, DC – Monetary Fund projected that the world economy would grow by 3.5% in 2015.	Washington April, the International Monetary Fund forecast the global economy to grow 3.5% in 2015.
329	In den Folgemonaten wurde diese Vorhersage immer weiter gesenkt und erreichte im Oktober 3,1%..	In the ensuing months, that forecast was steadily whittled down, reaching 3.1% in October.	In the months that followed, this forecast was lowered further and further, reaching 3.1% in October.	In the following months, this forecast was steadily reduced and reached 3.1% in October.	In the forecast was steadily Whittled down, reaching 3.1% in October.	Followed, this forecast was lowered further and further, reaching 3.1% in October.
332	Zunächst einmal wächst der Welthandel jährlich nur um magere 2%, verglichen mit 8% von in den Jahren von 2003 bis 2007.	For starters, world trade is growing at an anemic annual rate of 2%, compared to 8% from 2003 to 2007.	For starters, world trade is growing at a meager 2% annually, compared with 8% in 2003-2007.	First of all, world trade is growing at an annual anaemic rate of 2%, compared with 8% between 2003 and 2007.	For starters, world anemic annual rate of 2%, compared to 8% from 2003 to 2007.	For starters growing at a meager 2% annually, compared with 8% in 2003-2007.
334	Selbst wenn das BIP-Wachstum das Handelswachstum in diesem Jahr übertreffen sollte, wird es doch kaum über 2,7% liegen.	Even if GDP growth outstrips growth in trade this year, it will likely amount to no more than 2.7%.	Even if GDP growth were to outpace trade growth this year, it will be unlikely to top 2.7%.	Even if GDP growth this year exceeds trade growth, it will probably not exceed 2.7%.	Even growth in trade this year, it will likely amount to no more than 2.7%.	Even if GDP trade growth this year, it will be unlikely to top 2.7%.
337	Die Harvard-Ökonomen Carmen Reinhart und Kenneth Rogoff sagen, ein Land brauche fünf Jahre, um sich von einer Finanzkrise zu erholen.	The Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say that it takes five years for a country to dig itself out of a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say it takes a country five years to recover from a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say that it takes five years for a country to dig out of a financial crisis.	The Harvard economists say that it takes five years for a country to dig itself out of a financial crisis.	And Kenneth Rogoff say it takes a country five years to recover from a financial crisis.
338	Und tatsächlich sind die finanziellen Verwerfungen von 2007-2008 größtenteils abgeklungen.	And, indeed, the financial dislocations of 2007-2008 have largely receded.	And indeed, the financial dislocations of 2007-2008 have largely subsided.	In fact, the financial redistributions between 2007 and 2008 have largely decreased.	, the financial dislocations of 2007-2008 have largely receded.	And the financial dislocations of 2007-2008 have largely subsided.
341	Aber die Nachfrage bleibt nur schwach, wenn die Menschen zu wenig Vertrauen in die Zukunft haben.	But demand would remain weak only if people lacked confidence in the future.	But demand will only remain weak if people lack confidence in the future.	But demand would only remain weak if people did not have confidence in the future.	But demand only if people lacked confidence in the future.	But demand weak if people lack confidence in the future.
345	Gleichzeitig haben die Länder ihr Wachstum durch gegenseitigen Handel erhöht.	At the same time, countries were amplifying one another’s growth through trade.	At the same time, the countries have increased their growth through mutual trade.	At the same time, trade strengthened the countries.	At, countries were amplifying one another ’ s growth through trade.	At the the countries have increased their growth through mutual trade.
348	Diese Dynamik kehrte sich etwa im März 2008 um, als die USA ihre fünftgrößte Investmentbank, Bear Sterns, vor dem Zusammenbruch retteten.	This dynamic reversed around March 2008, when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapse.	That momentum reversed around March 2008, when the US bailed out its fifth-largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapsing.	This momentum turned around March 2008, when the US saved its fifth largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapse.	March 2008, when the us rescued its Fifth-Largest investment bank, bear sterns, from collapse.	That momentum reversed around us bailed out its Fifth-Largest investment bank, bear sterns, from collapsing.
350	Während der Welthandel in den Boom-Jahren zum Aufschwung beitrug, verbreitete er nun den Niedergang.	Whereas in the boom years, world trade had spread the bounty, it was now spreading the malaise.	While world trade helped prosper in the boom years, it now spread the decline.	While in the boom years of world trade the bounty had spread, he now spread the disorder.	Whereas in world trade had spread the bounty, it was now spreading the malaise.	Helped prosper in the boom years, it now spread the decline.
355	Gerade als diese Rezession wieder beendet schien, kamen die Entwicklungs- und Schwellenländer ins Schleudern.	Just when that recession seemed to have run its course, emerging economies began to unravel.	Just as this recession seemed to be over, the developing and emerging countries started to skid.	Just as this recession seemed to have its course, emerging economies began to resolve.	Just seemed to have run its course, emerging economies began to unravel.	Just as be over, the developing and emerging countries started to Skid.
356	Seit Jahren hatten Beobachter die angeblichen Regierungs- und Wachstumsreformen dieser Länder gelobt.	For years, observers had been touting the governance and growth-enhancing reforms that these countries’ leaders had supposedly introduced.	For years, observers had praised these countries' alleged government and growth reforms.	For years, observers had denounced the governance and growth-enhancing reforms that these countries had allegedly introduced.	Had been touting the Governance and Growth-Enhancing reforms that these countries ’ leaders had supposedly introduced.	For years praised these countries' alleged government and growth reforms.
359	Diese Probleme werden nun durch die Abschwächung des Wachstums in China verstärkt, des Dreh- und Angelpunkts des globalen Handels.	These problems are now being compounded by the growth slowdown in China, the fulcrum of global trade.	These problems are now being exacerbated by slowing growth in China, the linchpin of global trade.	These problems are now exacerbated by the slowdown in growth in China, the core of global trade.	These compounded by the growth slowdown in China, the Fulcrum of global trade.	Being exacerbated by slowing growth in China, the linchpin of global trade.
363	Die Wirtschaft der Entwicklungs- und Schwellenländer wird schwach bleiben.	Emerging economies will remain weak.	The economies of developing and emerging countries will remain weak.	Emerging markets will remain weak.	Economies will remain weak.	The developing and emerging countries will remain weak.
364	Die Eurozone wird nach einem kurzen Aufschub der Sparmaßnahmen durch den lahmenden Welthandel gebremst.	The eurozone, having enjoyed a temporary reprieve from austerity, will be constrained by listless global trade.	After a brief delay in austerity measures, the euro zone is being slowed down by sluggish world trade.	The eurozone, after temporarily withdrawing from austerity policy, will be constrained by the clumsy global trade.	The Eurozone temporary reprieve from austerity, will be constrained by listless global trade.	After austerity measures, the Euro zone is being slowed down by sluggish world trade.
365	Steigende Zinsen bei den Unternehmensanleihen sind ein Hinweis auf langsameres Wachstum in den USA.	Rising interest rates on corporate bonds portend slower growth in the US.	Rising corporate bond yields are an indication of slowing US growth.	Rising interest rates on corporate bonds indicate slower growth in the US.	Rising corporate bonds portend slower growth in the us.	Rising yields are an indication of slowing us growth.
366	Der Zusammenbruch der Vermögenswerte in China könnte finanzielle Turbulenzen auslösen.	China’s collapsing asset values could trigger financial turbulence.	China asset collapse could trigger financial turmoil.	China's collapsing assets could trigger financial turbulence.	S collapsing asset values could trigger financial turbulence.	Collapse could trigger financial turmoil.
367	Und den Politiker, die einfach dahintreiben, mangelt es an politischen Handlungsmöglichkeiten gegen diese Trends.	And policymakers are adrift, with little political leverage to stem these trends.	And the politicians who just drift along lack political action against these trends.	And the policy makers are on the run, with little political pressure to curb these trends.	Adrift, with little political leverage to stem these trends.	And just drift along lack political action against these trends.
372	NEW YORK – Immer im Januar versuche ich, eine Prognose für das Jahr zu geben.	NEW YORK – Every January, I try to craft a forecast for the coming year.	NEW YORK – Every January I try to give a forecast for the year.	NEW YORK – Every January I try to make a forecast for the coming year.	New January, I try to craft a forecast for the coming year.	Every January I try to give a forecast for the year.
377	Also glaubte ich, dass diejenigen, die an eine stärkere Erholung glaubten, die Welt durch eine rosarote Brille sehen.	Thus, I thought that forecasters of a stronger recovery were looking at the world through rose-tinted glasses.	So I believed that those who believed in a stronger recovery were seeing the world through rose-tinted glasses.	So I thought that the predictors of a stronger recovery would look at the world through tinted glasses.	Thus forecasters of a stronger recovery were looking at the world through Rose-Tinted glasses.	So who believed in a stronger recovery were seeing the world through Rose-Tinted glasses.
378	Und die wirtschaftlichen Ereignisse entwickelten sich weitgehend so, wie ich es erwartet hatte.	Economic developments unfolded much as I anticipated.	And economic events unfolded much as I expected.	Economic developments unfolded as much as I expected.	Unfolded much as I anticipated.	And unfolded much as I expected.
381	Aber die Ungleichheit wurde noch schlimmer. Beunruhigende Daten zeigen, dass die Menschen in den USA früher sterben.	But inequality continued to worsen – with striking data showing that average life expectancy in the US was on the decline.	But the inequality got worse. Disturbing data shows people are dying earlier in the US.	But inequality continued to deteriorate – with striking data showing that average life expectancy in the US was declining.	But inequality with striking data showing that average life expectancy in the us was on the decline.	Got worse . disturbing data shows people are dying earlier in the us.
384	Dabei stellen die USA ein Extrem dieses Trends dar, während die Lage anderswo etwas besser ist.	And while America might be at the extreme of this trend, things were little better elsewhere.	The US represents one extreme of this trend, while things are slightly better elsewhere.	And while America could be at the extreme of this trend, things were little better elsewhere.	And at the extreme of this trend, things were little better elsewhere.	The extreme of this trend, while things are slightly better elsewhere.
385	Aber obwohl es klar war, dass dies politische Folgen nach sich ziehen würde, waren ihre Art und ihr Timing weniger offensichtlich.	But, if it seemed clear that there would be political consequences, their form and timing were far less obvious.	But while it was clear there would be political ramifications, their nature and timing were less obvious.	But if it seemed clear that there would be political consequences, their form and timing were far less obvious.	But, if there would be political consequences, their form and timing were far less obvious.	Clear there would be political ramifications, their nature and timing were less obvious.
386	Warum kam der Rückschlag in den USA gerade dann, als sich die Wirtschaft zu erholen schien, und nicht früher?	Why did the backlash in the US come just when the economy seemed to be on the mend, rather than earlier?	Why did the US setback come just as the economy appeared to be recovering and not sooner?	Why did the setback in the US come when the economy seemed to be on the rise rather than in the past?	The us come just when the economy seemed to be on the mend, rather than earlier?	Why did the as the economy appeared to be recovering and not sooner?
388	Immerhin waren es die Republikaner, die den Verlierern der von ihnen eifrig vorangetriebenen Globalisierung ihre Unterstützung versagten.	After all, it was the Republicans who had blocked assistance to those losing their jobs as a result of the globalization they pushed assiduously.	After all, it was the Republicans who refused to support the losers in the globalization they were so eager to promote.	Finally, it was the Republicans who had blocked support for those who had lost their jobs due to globalisation, who were pushing them to do so.	The Republicans who had blocked assistance to those losing their jobs as a result of the globalization they pushed assiduously.	The Republicans who refused to support the losers in the globalization they were so eager to promote.
391	Donald Trump hat den Geist der Zeit erfasst: Die Dinge liefen nicht gut, und viele Wähler wollten Veränderungen.	Donald Trump grasped the spirit of the time: things weren’t going well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump caught the spirit of the times: things were not going well and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump understood the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted changes.	Donald Trump grasped time: things weren ’ t going well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald of the times: things were not going well and many voters wanted change.
392	Und diese werden sie nun bekommen: Es wird nicht so weitergehen wie bisher.	Now they will get it: there will be no business as usual.	And they will get it now: things will not go on as before.	Now they will get it: there will be no more business as usual.	Now they: there will be no business as usual.	Get it now: things will not go on as before.
395	Trump scheint wild entschlossen, einen Handelskrieg vom Zaun zu brechen.	Trump seems hell-bent on having a trade war.	Trump seems determined to start a trade war.	Trump seems to be waging a trade war.	Trump on having a trade war.	Trump to start a trade war.
398	Und bis dahin könnte die Handelsbilanz der USA wieder ausgeglichen sein.	And by then, America’s trade account may have been rebalanced.	And by then, the US trade balance could be back in balance.	And by then, America's trade balance could have been rebalanced.	And by ’ s trade account may have been Rebalanced.	And the us trade balance could be back in balance.
404	China könnte seine Revanche gezielt so ausrichten, dass sie politische Schmerzen verursacht.	China may be more effective in targeting its retaliation to cause acute political pain.	China could target its revenge to cause political pain.	China could be more effective if it wants to target its retaliation towards acute political pain.	More effective in targeting its retaliation to cause acute political pain.	China its revenge to cause political pain.
405	Und es kann sein, dass die Chinesen die US-Versuche, ihnen Schaden zuzufügen, besser abwehren können, als die USA die chinesischen Versuche.	And the Chinese may be in a better position to respond to US attempts to inflict pain on them than the US is to respond to the pain that China might inflict on Americans.	And the Chinese may be better at repelling US attempts to harm them than the US is against Chinese attempts.	And the Chinese could be better able to respond to the US's attempts to inflict pain on them than the US's response to the pain China inflicts on the Americans.	And the Chinese may be in attempts to inflict pain on them than the us is to respond to the pain that China might inflict on Americans.	And the at Repelling us attempts to harm them than the us is against Chinese attempts.
412	Vielleicht möchte Trump mit seiner Version wirtschaftlichen Voodoo-Zaubers die üblichen ökonomischen Gesetze außer Kraft setzen.	Trump might like to repeal the ordinary laws of economics, as he goes about his version of voodoo economics.	Perhaps Trump wants to override the usual laws of economics with his version of economic voodoo magic.	Trump could like to repeal the ordinary laws of economics as he goes about his version of the voodoo economy.	Trump might ordinary laws of Economics, as he goes about his version of voodoo economics.	Override the usual laws of Economics with his version of economic voodoo magic.
417	OXFORD – Hoffen wir, dass 2019 das Jahr einer historischen Wende sein wird.	OXFORD – Let us hope that 2019 is the year when the historical tide turns.	OXFORD – Let's hope 2019 will be a year of historic reversal.	OXFORD – Let's hope 2019 is the year in which the historical flood is turning.	Oxford hope that 2019 is the year when the historical tide turns.	's hope 2019 will be a year of historic reversal.
418	Im Jahr 2018 vertieften sich die Spaltungen zwischen und innerhalb von Ländern weiter.	In 2018, divisions within and between countries continued to deepen.	In 2018, divisions between and within countries continued to deepen.	In 2018, the divisions within and between countries continued to deepen.	, divisions within and between countries continued to deepen.	In divisions between and within countries continued to deepen.
420	Die wachsende gegenseitige Abhängigkeit unserer Gesellschaften kompliziert die Situation noch weiter.	Complicating matters further is the growing interdependence of our societies.	The growing interdependence of our societies further complicates the situation.	The further complicity is the increasing interdependence of our societies.	Further is the growing interdependence of our societies.	The of our societies further complicates the situation.
429	Im Jahr 1989 schien der Zusammenbruch des Sowjetblocks den Triumph der Prinzipien und Werte der liberalen Demokratie zu verheißen.	Back in 1989, the collapse of the Soviet bloc seemed to augur a triumph for liberal democratic principles and values.	In 1989, the collapse of the Soviet bloc seemed to herald the triumph of the principles and values ​​of liberal democracy.	In 1989, the collapse of the Soviet bloc seemed to force a triumph for liberal democratic principles and values.	Back in of the Soviet bloc seemed to augur a triumph for liberal democratic principles and values.	In the Soviet bloc seemed to Herald the triumph of the principles and values ​​Of liberal democracy.
430	Die Entwicklung des World Wide Web in diesem Jahr versprach ein neues Zeitalter menschlichen Wohlergehens und globaler Zusammenarbeit.	The development of the World Wide Web that year promised a new age of human flourishing and global cooperation.	The development of the World Wide Web that year promised a new era of human well-being and global collaboration.	The development of the World Wide Web this year promised a new era of human flourishing and global cooperation.	World wide web that year promised a new age of human flourishing and global cooperation.	The wide web that year promised a new era of human well-being and global collaboration.
432	Allerdings ist die Welt durch die Globalisierung nicht flacher, sondern noch gebirgiger und unebener geworden.	Yet far from flattening the world, globalization has made it more mountainous and uneven.	However, globalization has not made the world flatter, but even more mountainous and uneven.	But far from paving the world, globalization has made it more mountainous and uneven.	Yet the world, globalization has made it more mountainous and uneven.	Has not made the world flatter, but even more mountainous and uneven.
433	Mehr als je zuvor bestimmt die Postleitzahl Lebensperspektiven, Lebenserwartung und Schicksal.	More than ever, one’s postal code determines one’s perspective, lifespan, and fate.	More than ever before, the zip code determines life prospects, life expectancy and destiny.	More than ever, one determines one's perspective, life and destiny.	More ’ s postal code determines one ’ s perspective, LifeSpan, and fate.	Before, the zip code determines life prospects, life expectancy and destiny.
435	Und obwohl es technisch gesehen heute mehr Demokratien als 1989 gibt, entwickeln sich viele unter ihnen zunehmend illiberal.	And though there technically are more democracies today than in 1989, many are becoming more illiberal.	And while there are technically more democracies today than there were in 1989, many of them are becoming increasingly illiberal.	And although there are more democracies than in 1989 today, many are becoming more illiberal.	Are more democracies today than in 1989, many are becoming more illiberal.	And more democracies today than there were in 1989, many of them are becoming increasingly illiberal.
436	Wenig überraschend hat die öffentliche Unterstützung für die Globalisierung nachgelassen.	Not surprisingly, public support for globalization has waned.	Unsurprisingly, public support for globalization has waned.	It is not surprising that public support for globalisation has diminished.	, public support for globalization has waned.	Public support for globalization has waned.
437	Die Terrorangriffe vom 11. September 2001 und der 5,6 Billionen Dollar teure „Krieg gegen den Terror” waren sicher auch nicht hilfreich.	The attacks of September 11, 2001, and the $5.6 trillion “war on terror” certainly didn’t help.	The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and the $5.6 trillion "war on terror" certainly didn't help either.	The attacks of September 11, 2001 and the $5.6 trillion war on terror certainly did not help.	The attacks, and the $5.6 trillion “ war on terror ” certainly didn ’ t help.	The terrorist 2001 and the $5.6 trillion "war on terror "certainly didn't help either.
439	Eine wachsende Kluft zwischen Eliten und allen, die „abgehängt“ wurden, hat die Politik über eine Generation lang vergiftet.	A growing divide between elites and all those who have been “left behind” has poisoned politics for a generation.	A growing rift between elites and those who have been “left behind” has poisoned politics for a generation.	A growing gap between elites and all those left behind has poisoned policy for a generation.	Elites and all those who have been “ left behind ” has poisoned politics for a generation.	A and those who have been “ left behind ” has poisoned politics for a generation.
440	Dennoch beschränkt sich die Ernüchterung über die Globalisierung größtenteils auf die Länder Nordamerikas und Westeuropas.	Still, the disillusionment with globalization is mostly confined to North American and Western European countries.	Nevertheless, the disenchantment with globalization is largely limited to the countries of North America and Western Europe.	Nevertheless, disillusionment with globalisation is mostly confined to North American and Western European countries.	Disillusionment with globalization is mostly confined to North American and Western European countries.	Nevertheless globalization is largely limited to the countries of North America and Western Europe.
442	Außerhalb des Westens haben sich die Durchschnittseinkommen seit dem Fall der Berliner Mauer verdoppelt – und in China verdreifacht.	Outside of the West, average incomes since the fall of the Berlin Wall have doubled – and tripled in China.	Outside the West, average wages have doubled since the fall of the Berlin Wall – and tripled in China.	Outside the West, average incomes have doubled since the fall of the Berlin Wall – and tripled in China.	Outside of the since the fall of the Berlin Wall have doubled – and tripled in China.	Average wages have doubled since the fall of the Berlin Wall – and tripled in China.
452	Und nun drohen künstliche Intelligenz und Automatisierung Routinejobs zu übernehmen und soziale Spaltungen zu verschärfen.	And now, artificial intelligence and automation are threatening to replace routine jobs and accentuate social divisions.	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to take over mundane jobs and exacerbate social divisions.	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to replace routine jobs and reinforce social divisions.	And now, are threatening to replace routine jobs and accentuate social divisions.	And and automation threaten to take over mundane jobs and exacerbate social divisions.
454	Viel wird davon abhängen, welche Schritte im Jahr 2019 unternommen werden.	Much will depend on the steps taken in 2019.	Much will depend on what steps are taken in 2019.	Much will depend on the measures in 2019.	Much on the steps taken in 2019.	Depend on what steps are taken in 2019.
455	Mehr als jemals zuvor haben wir uns mit den an Fahrt aufnehmenden und voneinander abhängigen Treibern der Veränderung auseinanderzusetzen.	Now more than ever, we must grapple with the accelerating and interdependent drivers of change.	More than ever before, we are grappling with the accelerating and interdependent drivers of change.	Now more than ever, we have to deal with the accelerating and interdependent factors of change.	Ever, we must grapple with the accelerating and interdependent drivers of change.	Before, we are grappling with the accelerating and interdependent drivers of change.
456	Zu diesem Zweck müssen die politischen Entscheidungsträger Maßnahmen zum Schutz der Schwächsten ergreifen.	To that end, policymakers must take steps to protect the most vulnerable.	To that end, policymakers must take action to protect the most vulnerable.	To this end, policy-makers must take measures to protect the weakest.	To policymakers must take steps to protect the most vulnerable.	To policymakers must take action to protect the most vulnerable.
459	Allgemeiner gesprochen müssen wir nun die Ärmel aufkrempeln, um die Globalisierung in den Griff zu bekommen.	More broadly, we all need to roll up our sleeves and get a handle on globalization.	More generally, we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalization under control.	In the broader sense, we must roll up all our sleeves and get globalisation under control.	More broadly, roll up our sleeves and get a handle on globalization.	More now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalization under control.
462	Die politische Revolution von heute ist bislang von Wut und Frustration geprägt.	Today’s political revolution has so far been defined by anger and frustration.	Today's political revolution has been one of anger and frustration.	Today, the political revolution has so far been marked by anger and frustration.	Today revolution has so far been defined by anger and frustration.	Today revolution has been one of anger and frustration.
463	Dennoch können und sollten diese Gefühle genutzt werden, um dem Ziel einer konstruktiven Veränderung zu dienen.	But those sentiments can and should be harnessed to serve the goal of constructive change.	Nevertheless, these feelings can and should be used to serve the goal of constructive change.	But these feelings can and should be used to serve the goal of constructive change.	Can and should be harnessed to serve the goal of constructive change.	Nevertheless, and should be used to serve the goal of constructive change.
466	Wenn Extremismus, Algorithmen, Fake News und ausländische Manipulation die Politik lenken, ist die Demokratie selbst in Gefahr.	When extremism, algorithms, fake news, and foreign manipulation drive politics, democracy itself is threatened.	When extremism, algorithms, fake news and foreign manipulation drive politics, democracy itself is in jeopardy.	When extremism, algorithms, fake news, and foreign manipulations drive politics, democracy itself is threatened.	, fake news, and foreign manipulation drive politics, democracy itself is threatened.	, fake news and foreign manipulation drive politics, democracy itself is in jeopardy.
467	Ohne verstärktes aktives Engagement der politischen Entscheidungsträger und der Spitzenpolitiker besteht wenig Hoffnung für die Zukunft.	Without more active engagement on the part of policymakers and political leaders, there can be little hope for the future.	Without increased active engagement by policymakers and leaders, there is little hope for the future.	Without a more active involvement of policy-makers and policy-makers, there can be little hope for the future.	Without more part of policymakers and political leaders, there can be little hope for the future.	Engagement by policymakers and leaders, there is little hope for the future.
469	Es ist verlockend, die Uhr anhalten zu wollen und sich vor schwierigen Entscheidungen zu drücken.	It is tempting to try to stop the clock and retreat from hard choices.	It's tempting to want to stop the clock and shy away from difficult decisions.	It is tempting to try to stop the clock and withdraw from hard decisions.	It try to stop the clock and retreat from hard choices.	To want to stop the clock and shy away from difficult decisions.
470	Doch die anhaltenden Veränderungen werden uns alle betreffen, ungeachtet dessen, ob wir uns an den Diskussionen beteiligen oder nicht.	But the changes underway will affect us all, regardless of whether we participate in the conversation.	But the ongoing changes will affect us all, whether or not we participate in the discussions.	But the ongoing changes will affect us all, regardless of whether we participate in the conversation.	But affect us all, regardless of whether we participate in the conversation.	But affect us all, whether or not we participate in the discussions.
471	Die einzig mögliche Vorgehensweise besteht also darin, unsere Kenntnisse zu erweitern und uns auf komplexe Ideen einzulassen.	The only way forward, then, is to improve our literacy and engage with complex ideas.	So the only possible course of action is to expand our knowledge and engage in complex ideas.	So the only way forward is to improve our literacy and deal with complex ideas.	The only, is to improve our literacy and engage with complex ideas.	So of action is to expand our knowledge and engage in complex ideas.
472	Anders zu handeln und die Opferrolle einzunehmen, heißt, der Katastrophe Vorschub zu leisten.	To do otherwise and play the victim is to invite catastrophe.	To act differently and to take on the role of victim means to abet the catastrophe.	To do something else and to play the victim is to invite a disaster.	Otherwise and play the victim is to invite catastrophe.	And to take on the role of victim means to Abet the catastrophe.
474	Wenn mutige Menschen nicht handeln, wird sich der Bogen der Geschichte nicht in Richtung Gerechtigkeit oder verbesserte Ergebnisse wenden.	Unless bold people act, the arc of history will not bend toward justice or improved outcomes.	Unless courageous people act, the arc of history will not turn toward justice or improved outcomes.	If not courageous people act, the arc of history will not bend towards justice or improved results.	Unless bold arc of history will not bend toward justice or improved outcomes.	Unless courageous arc of history will not turn toward justice or improved outcomes.
481	Von ihr hängt die Politik der USA in vielen Bereichen ab – Handel, Energie, Steuern, Schulden, Verteidigung, Klima und anderen.	US policy on trade, energy, corporate taxation, debt, defense, climate change, and more is on the line.	On it depends US policy in many areas - trade, energy, tax, debt, defense, climate and others.	US policy on trade, energy, corporate taxation, debt, defence, climate change and more is at stake.	Us policy on taxation, debt, defense, climate change, and more is on the line.	In many areas - trade, energy, tax, debt, defense, climate and others.
490	Daher ist es angebracht, das demokratische Feld jetzt schon unter die Lupe zu nehmen.	An early take on the Democratic field is therefore in order.	It is therefore appropriate to start examining the democratic field now.	An early adoption of the democratic field is therefore in order.	Take on the Democratic field is therefore in order.	Therefore appropriate to start examining the Democratic field now.
495	Dies bedeutet höhere Steuern für Reiche und Unternehmen sowie ein staatliches Gesundheitssystem.	This entails higher taxes on the wealthy and corporations, and a government-run health-care system.	This means higher taxes for the rich and corporations, as well as a state healthcare system.	This includes higher taxes on the rich and businesses and a state-run health care system.	This on the wealthy and corporations, and a Government-Run health-care system.	For the rich and corporations, as well as a state Healthcare system.
500	Sie hoffen, die Präsidentschaft mit der Unterstützung der Wechselwähler und der moderaten Konservativen zu gewinnen.	All will claim they can win the presidency with the support of undecided independents and moderate Republicans.	They hope to win the presidency with the support of swing voters and moderate conservatives.	Everyone will claim that they can win the presidency with the support of undecided independent and moderate Republicans.	Can win the Presidency with the support of undecided independents and moderate Republicans.	Win the Presidency with the support of swing voters and moderate conservatives.
505	Vielleicht hat einer oder eine dieser drei sogar überraschend Erfolg und gewinnt die Präsidentschaft.	One of these three may even record an upset and become president.	Perhaps one or one of these three will even have surprising success and win the presidency.	One of these three may even record a riot and become president.	One may even record an upset and become president.	Perhaps of these three will even have surprising success and win the Presidency.
507	Unter den Republikanern herrscht viel weniger Unsicherheit: Sollte er nicht vom Blitz erschlagen werden, wird Trump wohl erneut nominiert.	There is far less uncertainty among Republicans: barring a lightning strike, Trump will easily be renominated.	There is much less uncertainty among Republicans: if he is not struck by lightning, Trump is likely to be re-nominated.	There is far less uncertainty among Republicans: Trump, who prevents a lightning strike, will easily be renounced.	There is far: barring a lightning strike, Trump will easily be Renominated.	There Republicans: if he is not struck by lightning, Trump is likely to be Re-Nominated.
508	Stören könnte ihn dabei nur William Weld, der ehemalige Gouverneur von Massachusetts – oder John Kasich, der ehemalige Gouverneur von Ohio.	Former Massachusetts Governor William Weld is a minor distraction, while former Ohio Governor John Kasich also is considering a challenge.	Only William Weld, the former governor of Massachusetts, or John Kasich, the former governor of Ohio, could bother him.	The former Governor of Massachusetts William Weld is a small distraction, while the former Governor of Ohio, John Kasich, also considers a challenge.	Former Massachusetts governor minor distraction, while former Ohio governor John Kasich also is considering a challenge.	Only William of Massachusetts, or John Kasich, the former governor of Ohio, could bother him.
514	Laut Umfragen legen die Demokraten bei ihrer Entscheidung für einen Kandidaten vor allem Wert darauf, dass er oder sie Trump schlagen kann.	Polls show that Democrats most value a candidate who can defeat Trump.	According to polls, when deciding on a candidate, Democrats place most value on whether he or she can beat Trump.	Polls show that Democrats value a candidate who can defeat Trump the most.	Polls show value a candidate who can defeat Trump.	According to a candidate, Democrats place most value on whether he or she can beat Trump.
516	Verbessern sich Trumps Zustimmungswerte aber, könnte ein solcher Kandidat für die Demokraten eine Katastrophe sein.	But if Trump’s approval ratings improve, such a nominee could spell electoral disaster for the Democrats.	However, if Trump's approval ratings improve, such a candidate could be a disaster for the Democrats.	But if Trump's approval rates improve, such a candidate could spell electoral disaster for the democrats.	S approval ratings improve, such a nominee could spell electoral disaster for the Democrats.	However approval ratings improve, such a candidate could be a disaster for the Democrats.
520	Gehen diese Trends weiter, könnte die Präsidentschaftswahl von 2020 ebenso dramatisch und unvorhersehbar verlaufen wie die vorherige.	If these trends continue, the 2020 presidential election could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the last one.	If these trends continue, the 2020 presidential election could be just as dramatic and unpredictable as the previous one.	If these trends continue, the 2020 presidential elections could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the last ones.	If these trends presidential election could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the last one.	If these 2020 presidential election could be just as dramatic and unpredictable as the previous one.
528	Aber dabei stehen ihnen aufgrund der Rückkehr von Nationalismus engem Stammesbewusstseins immer mehr neue Hindernisse im Weg.	But new barriers, born of a renascent nationalism and narrow tribalism, are increasingly standing in their way.	But as they do so, new obstacles continue to stand in their way due to the return of narrow tribal nationalism.	But new barriers that have arisen from a diminishing nationalism and narrow tribalism are increasingly in their way.	Born of a Renascent nationalism and narrow Tribalism, are increasingly standing in their way.	But as they continue to stand in their way due to the return of narrow tribal nationalism.
529	Um zu glauben, dass all dies einfach vorbeigehen wird, bin ich nicht dumm genug.	I am not foolish enough to be certain that this will all pass.	I'm not stupid enough to think that all this will just pass.	I'm not foolish enough to be sure it's all over.	I enough to be certain that this will all pass.	Stupid enough to think that all this will just pass.
532	Gleichzeitig dürfen wir die Hoffnung nicht aufgeben: Dies sind nicht nur gefährliche Zeiten, sondern auch unsichere.	At the same time, we must not abandon hope. These are not just dangerous times, but uncertain ones.	At the same time, we must not give up hope: These are not only dangerous times, but also uncertain ones.	At the same time, we must not give up hope; it is not just dangerous times, but uncertain.	At the same not abandon hope . These are not just dangerous times, but uncertain ones.	At the not give up hope: these are not only dangerous times, but also uncertain ones.
533	Die Welt ist an einem Scheideweg, an dem eine Wendung den entscheidenden Unterschied machen kann.	The world is at a crossroads, where one turn can make all the difference.	The world is at a crossroads where one twist can make all the difference.	The world is at a crossroads where you can make the difference.	The a crossroads, where one turn can make all the difference.	At a crossroads where one twist can make all the difference.
534	Der Beginn eines neuen Jahrzehnts ist daher eine Gelegenheit zum Innehalten und Reflektieren.	The start of a new decade is thus an occasion for pause and reflection.	The beginning of a new decade is therefore an opportunity to pause and reflect.	The beginning of a new decade is therefore an occasion for pause and reflection.	The new decade is thus an occasion for pause and reflection.	The new decade is therefore an opportunity to pause and reflect.
535	Warum bringen alteingesessene Demokratien Wut, Zorn und politische Torheit hervor, mit denen sie ihre eigene Grundlage zerstören können?	Why are longstanding democracies breeding anger, rage, and political folly that may destroy their own foundations?	Why do long-established democracies breed anger, wrath and political folly with which to destroy their own foundation?	Why are long-standing democracies breeding anger, anger, and political folly that could destroy their own foundations?	Why are longstanding rage, and political folly that may destroy their own foundations?	Breed anger, wrath and political folly with which to destroy their own foundation?
543	Diese Theorie legt nahe, dass sich alle Politiker mit der Zeit nur noch um die Wähler der Mitte kümmern.	This theory implied that over time all politicians will cater to the median voter.	This theory suggests that, over time, all politicians will only care about centrist voters.	This theory indicated that, over time, all politicians will live up to the median voter.	That over time all politicians will cater to the median voter.	That, over time, all politicians will only care about centrist voters.
544	Anstatt gefährlich zu wirken, scheint dieses Ergebnis eher langweilig zu sein.	The outcome could be criticized for being boring, not dangerous.	Instead of appearing dangerous, this result seems rather boring.	The result could be criticized for boring, not dangerous.	The be criticized for being boring, not dangerous.	Appearing dangerous, this result seems rather boring.
546	Aber dank der disruptiven Entwicklung von Globalisierung und Technologie war der Boden unter unseren Füßen immer schon unsicher.	But, owing to the disruptive advances of globalization and technology, the ground beneath our feet was always shifting.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology, the ground beneath our feet has always been unsafe.	But due to the disruptive progress of globalisation and technology, the ground has always shifted under our feet.	But disruptive advances of globalization and technology, the ground beneath our feet was always shifting.	But thanks to globalization and technology, the ground beneath our feet has always been unsafe.
547	Jetzt, wo die Bruchstellen sichtbar geworden sind, ist es ganz klar an der Zeit, unser Modell der Wählerdemokratie zu bewerten.	Now that the fault lines have appeared, it is clearly time to take stock of our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fractures have become visible, it is clearly time to evaluate our model of voter democracy.	Now that the fault lines have arisen, it is clear that it is time to take stock of our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the, it is clearly time to take stock of our model of electoral democracy.	Now become visible, it is clearly time to evaluate our model of voter democracy.
550	Wer Präsident der Vereinigten Staaten ist, ist für die Mexikaner von entscheidender Bedeutung.	Who serves as president of the United States is critically important for Mexicans.	Who is President of the United States is of crucial importance to Mexicans.	Anyone who serves as President of the United States is crucial to Mexicans.	Who of the United States is critically important for Mexicans.	Who the United States is of crucial importance to Mexicans.
551	Wenn die Federal Reserve der USA Liquidität in die Finanzmärkte pumpt, spürt das die ganze Welt.	When the US Federal Reserve injects liquidity into financial markets, the whole world feels it.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the financial markets, the whole world feels it.	When the US Federal Reserve injects liquidity into the financial markets, it feels the whole world.	Federal Reserve injects liquidity into financial markets, the whole world feels it.	When pumps liquidity into the financial markets, the whole world feels it.
552	Eine Anpassung der Wechselkurse durch China kann heute den Lebenserwerb von Millionen Menschen auf weit entfernten Kontinenten beeinflussen.	One exchange-rate correction by China can now affect the livelihoods of millions of people on distant continents.	An exchange rate adjustment by China today can affect the livelihoods of millions on distant continents.	An exchange rate correction by China can now affect the livelihoods of millions of people on distant continents.	One exchange-rate correction affect the livelihoods of millions of people on distant continents.	An by China today can affect the livelihoods of millions on distant continents.
557	Politiker, Wissenschaftler und Ökonomen haben sicherlich alle Hände voll zu tun.	Policymakers, scientists, and economists clearly have their hands full.	Politicians, scientists and economists certainly have their hands full.	Politicians, scientists and economists clearly have their hands full.	Scientists, and economists clearly have their hands full.	Politicians and economists certainly have their hands full.
558	Aber bei der Aufgabe, ein noch dunkleres Jahrzehnt zu verhindern, sind alle Bürger dieses Planeten gefragt.	But all citizens of this planet have a role to play in averting an even darker decade.	But the task of preventing an even darker decade calls on every citizen of the planet.	But all the citizens of this planet have a role to play to avert an even darker decade.	But all citizens a role to play in averting an even darker decade.	But the an even darker decade calls on every citizen of the planet.
559	Dazu müssen wir über unser unmittelbares Eigeninteresse hinaus schauen.	To do so will require looking beyond immediate self-interest.	To do this, we must look beyond our immediate self-interest.	To do this, it will be necessary to look beyond the immediate self-interest.	So will require looking beyond immediate self-interest.	To, we must look beyond our immediate self-interest.
562	Wie Auden uns rät, dürfen wir „den Lügen der Autorität“ nicht nachgeben.	As Auden advised, we must not give in to “the lie of Authority.”	As Auden advises us, we must not give in to "the lies of authority."	As Auden advised, we must not yield to the lie of authority.	, we must not give in to “ the lie of authority . ”	As Auden must not give in to "the lies of authority . "
563	Wir müssen unsere Stimme erheben, um „die gefaltete Lüge zu auseinander zu falten“.	We must raise our “voice to undo the folded lie.”	We must raise our voice to "unfold the folded lie".	We must raise our voice to reverse the folded lie.	Our “ voice to undo the folded lie . ”	We must to "unfold the folded lie ".
566	Fünf Jahre nach dem Anschlag auf die Twin Towers in New York und das Pentagon in Washington ist der „11. September“ kein bloßes Datum mehr.	Five years after the attacks on the Twin Towers in New York and the Pentagon in Washington, “9/11” is no longer a mere date.	Five years after the attacks on the Twin Towers in New York and the Pentagon in Washington, September 11th is September” is no longer just a date.	Five years after the Twin Towers in New York and the Pentagon in Washington, this is no longer just a date.	Five years after in New York and the Pentagon in Washington, “ 9/11 ” is no longer a mere date.	Five years after the New York and the Pentagon in Washington, September 11th is September ” is no longer just a date.
574	Die meisten dieser Änderungen sind im so genannten „USA Patriot Act“ enthalten.	Most of these changes were embodied in the so-called “USA Patriot Act.”	Most of these changes are contained in the so-called "USA Patriot Act".	Most of these changes were embodied in the so-called "USA Patriot Act".	Most were embodied in the so-called “ USA Patriot Act . ”	Changes are contained in the so-called "USA Patriot act ".
577	Die Welt fragt sich jetzt, wie viele dieser nichtmenschlichen Menschen es noch an wie vielen Orten der Welt gibt.	The world now wonders how many more of these non-human humans are there in how many places.	The world is now wondering how many of these non-humans still exist in how many places around the world.	The world now wonders how many of these non-human people there are in how many places.	The many more of these Non-Human humans are there in how many places.	The world many of these Non-Humans still exist in how many places around the world.
578	Für alle anderen wurde eine Art Notstand ausgerufen, der die Einmischung des Staates in grundlegende Bürgerrechte ermöglicht.	For everyone else, a kind of state of emergency was proclaimed that has allowed state interference in essential civil rights.	A state of emergency of sorts has been declared for everyone else, allowing for state interference in basic civil rights.	For all others, a state of emergency has been proclaimed that has allowed state interference in essential civil rights.	A kind of state of emergency was proclaimed that has allowed state interference in essential civil rights.	A state has been declared for everyone else, allowing for state interference in basic civil rights.
579	Grenzkontrollen sind für viele zu einer Qual geworden, und etliche Menschen haben unter polizeilichen Schikanen zu leiden.	Controls at borders have become an ordeal for many, and police persecution now burdens quite a few.	Border controls have become an ordeal for many and many suffer from police harassment.	The border controls have become an ordeal for many, and the persecution by the police is burdening quite a lot today.	Controls an ordeal for many, and police persecution now burdens quite a few.	Border an ordeal for many and many suffer from police Harassment.
580	Ein Klima der Angst macht allen das Leben schwer, die verdächtig aussehen oder handeln, besonders Muslimen.	A climate of fear has made life hard for anyone who looks suspicious or acts suspiciously, notably for Muslims.	A climate of fear makes life difficult for anyone who looks or acts suspicious, especially Muslims.	A climate of fear has made life difficult for anyone who looks suspicious or acts suspicious, especially for Muslims.	A climate of hard for anyone who looks suspicious or acts suspiciously, notably for Muslims.	Makes life difficult for anyone who looks or acts suspicious, especially Muslims.
581	Als derartige Freiheitsbeschränkungen beschlossen wurden, trafen sie auf keinen großen öffentlichen Widerstand.	Such restrictions on freedom did not meet with much public opposition when they were adopted.	When such restrictions on freedom were decided upon, they met with little public resistance.	Such restrictions of freedom did not meet with great public opposition when they were adopted.	Such restrictions not meet with much public opposition when they were adopted.	When freedom were decided upon, they met with little public resistance.
582	Im Gegenteil, im Großen und Ganzen waren es die Kritiker, nicht die Verfechter dieser Maßnahmen, die Ärger bekamen.	On the contrary, by and large it was the critics, not the supporters, of these measures who found themselves in trouble.	On the contrary, by and large it was the critics, not the proponents of these measures, who got angry.	On the contrary, on the whole, it was the critics, not the supporters of these measures that were in trouble.	On large it was the critics, not the supporters, of these measures who found themselves in trouble.	On the contrary, the critics, not the proponents of these measures, who got angry.
584	Blair hat als Erster argumentiert, dass Sicherheit die wichtigste Freiheit darstelle.	Blair was the first to argue that security is the first freedom.	Blair was the first to argue that security is the most important freedom.	Blair was the first to argue that security was the first freedom.	Blair to argue that security is the first freedom.	Blair to argue that security is the most important freedom.
587	Das Problem besteht in allen Ländern, die von der Bedrohung des Terrorismus betroffen sind, obwohl es in vielen nicht ganz so konkret ist.	The problem exists in all countries affected by the threat of terrorism, though in many it has not become quite as specific.	The problem exists in all countries affected by the threat of terrorism, although in many it is not quite as concrete.	The problem exists in all countries affected by the threat of terrorism, although it has not become quite as specific in many countries.	Countries affected by the threat of terrorism, though in many it has not become quite as specific.	Countries affected by the threat of terrorism, although in many it is not quite as concrete.
588	In den meisten Ländern auf dem europäischen Festland ist der „11. September“ ein amerikanisches Datum geblieben.	In most countries of continental Europe, “9/11” has remained an American date.	In most countries in mainland Europe, September 11th is September” remained an American date.	In most countries of continental Europe, the date ""9/11"" has remained an American date.	In Continental Europe, “ 9/11 ” has remained an American date.	In most Europe, September 11th is September ” remained an American date.
590	Die Deutschen benutzen dieses Argument auf jeden Fall, um sich aus dem Geschehen herauszuhalten, wo immer dies nur möglich ist.	Germans certainly use this argument to stay out of the action wherever possible.	In any case, the Germans use this argument to stay out of the action whenever possible.	The Germans use this argument to get out of play as much as possible.	This argument to stay out of the action wherever possible.	The Germans use this argument to stay out of the action whenever possible.
594	Bei jedem Zugunglück oder Flugzeugabsturz wird nun zuerst vermutet, dass es sich um einen Terrorakt handelt.	Any train accident or airplane crash is now at first suspected of being an act of terrorism.	Every train accident or plane crash is now first suspected to be an act of terrorism.	Every train accident or plane crash is now initially suspected of being an act of terror.	Any train is now at first suspected of being an act of terrorism.	Every plane crash is now first suspected to be an act of terrorism.
595	Somit war der 11. September direkt oder indirekt ein großer Schock, sowohl psychologisch als auch für unsere politischen Systeme.	Thus, 9/11 has meant, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and to our political systems.	Thus, 9/11 was a great shock, directly or indirectly, both psychologically and to our political systems.	So 9/11 directly or indirectly meant a great shock, both psychologically and for our political systems.	Thus, 9/11 or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and to our political systems.	Thus, 9/11, directly or indirectly, both psychologically and to our political systems.
