107	Dieser Verfall begann in den 1980er Jahren unter Ronald Reagan und Margaret Thatcher.	The rot began during the 1980s, under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.	This decline began in the 1980s under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.	The rot began in the 1980s under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.	The rot began during the 1980s, under Ronald Jennifer and Margaret Thatcher.	This decline began in the 1980s under Ronald Monica and Margaret Thatcher.
218	Von Giuseppe Verdi und Richard Wagner bis zu den Beatles und den Rolling Stones standen beide Jahrzehnte für bahnbrechende Musik.	From Giuseppe Verdi and Richard Wagner to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, each decade gave rise to transformational music.	From Giuseppe Verdi and Richard Wagner to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, both have represented groundbreaking music for decades.	From Giuseppe Verdi and Richard Wagner to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones each decade led to transformative music.	From Giuseppe Verdi and Andrew Wagner to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, each decade gave rise to transformational music.	From Timothy Verdi and Richard Wagner to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, both have represented groundbreaking music for decades.
224	Napoleon, Alexander und Wilson wünschten sich eine durch rationale Gesetze regierte und befriedete Welt.	Napoleon, Alexander, and Wilson each imagined a world governed and pacified by rational law.	Napoleon, Alexander and Wilson wanted a world governed and pacified by rational laws.	Napoleon, Alexander, and Wilson each imagined a world governed and satisfied by rational law.	Napoleon, Alexander, and Cody each imagined a world governed and pacified by rational law.	Napoleon, Alexander and Kyle wanted a world governed and pacified by rational laws.
270	Nach Einbruch der Dunkelheit wurde eine Leinwand aufgestellt und Mark zeigte uns Videos aus dem Weltraum.	Once it was dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed home videos from space.	After dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	As soon as it was dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed home videos from space.	Once it was dark, a screen was set up and Charles showed home videos from space.	After dark, a screen was set up and Peter showed us videos from space.
337	Die Harvard-Ökonomen Carmen Reinhart und Kenneth Rogoff sagen, ein Land brauche fünf Jahre, um sich von einer Finanzkrise zu erholen.	The Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say that it takes five years for a country to dig itself out of a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say it takes a country five years to recover from a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say that it takes five years for a country to dig out of a financial crisis.	The Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Jose Rogoff say that it takes five years for a country to dig itself out of a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Amy Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say it takes a country five years to recover from a financial crisis.
391	Donald Trump hat den Geist der Zeit erfasst: Die Dinge liefen nicht gut, und viele Wähler wollten Veränderungen.	Donald Trump grasped the spirit of the time: things weren’t going well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump caught the spirit of the times: things were not going well and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump understood the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted changes.	Scott Trump grasped the spirit of the time: things weren’t going well, and many voters wanted change.	Jackson Trump caught the spirit of the times: things were not going well and many voters wanted change.
508	Stören könnte ihn dabei nur William Weld, der ehemalige Gouverneur von Massachusetts – oder John Kasich, der ehemalige Gouverneur von Ohio.	Former Massachusetts Governor William Weld is a minor distraction, while former Ohio Governor John Kasich also is considering a challenge.	Only William Weld, the former governor of Massachusetts, or John Kasich, the former governor of Ohio, could bother him.	The former Governor of Massachusetts William Weld is a small distraction, while the former Governor of Ohio, John Kasich, also considers a challenge.	Former Massachusetts Governor John Weld is a minor distraction, while former Ohio Governor John Kasich also is considering a challenge.	Only Eric Weld, the former governor of Massachusetts, or John Kasich, the former governor of Ohio, could bother him.
562	Wie Auden uns rät, dürfen wir „den Lügen der Autorität“ nicht nachgeben.	As Auden advised, we must not give in to “the lie of Authority.”	As Auden advises us, we must not give in to "the lies of authority."	As Auden advised, we must not yield to the lie of authority.	As Alexander advised, we must not give in to “the lie of Authority.”	As Derek advises us, we must not give in to "the lies of authority."
584	Blair hat als Erster argumentiert, dass Sicherheit die wichtigste Freiheit darstelle.	Blair was the first to argue that security is the first freedom.	Blair was the first to argue that security is the most important freedom.	Blair was the first to argue that security was the first freedom.	Olivia was the first to argue that security is the first freedom.	Brittany was the first to argue that security is the most important freedom.
843	Von Ministerpräsidenten Levi Eshkol sagte man, er würde sieben Sprachen sprechen, alle auf jiddisch.	It was said of Prime Minister Levi Eshkol that he spoke seven languages, all of them in Yiddish.	Prime Minister Levi Eshkol was said to speak seven languages, all in Yiddish.	It was said by Prime Minister Levi Eshkol that he spoke seven languages, all in Yiddish.	It was said of Prime Minister Bradley Eshkol that he spoke seven languages, all of them in Yiddish.	Prime Minister Scott Eshkol was said to speak seven languages, all in Yiddish.
847	Zusammen mit Golda Meir und Moshe Dayan musste er die Regierung 1974 im Gefolge des Yom Kippur Kriegs verlassen.	Together with Golda Meir and Moshe Dayan he had to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur War.	Along with Golda Meir and Moshe Dayan, he was forced to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur War.	He and Golda Meir and Moshe Dayan were forced to leave the government in 1974 after the Yom Kippur War.	Together with Golda Dylan and Moshe Dayan he had to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur War.	Along with Rebecca Meir and Moshe Dayan, he was forced to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur War.
1392	Der von Senator Bernie Sanders eingebrachte Gesetzesentwurf Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act ist nicht einfach nur eine Initiative.	The Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act, a congressional bill introduced by Senator Bernie Sanders, is just such an initiative.	Senator Bernie Sanders' proposed Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act is not just an initiative.	The Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act, a convention law introduced by Senator Bernie Sanders, is such an initiative.	The Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act, a congressional bill introduced by Senator Bernie Joshua, is just such an initiative.	Senator Nathaniel Sanders' proposed Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act is not just an initiative.
1427	1863 unterzeichnete Präsident Abraham Lincoln die Emanzipationsproklamation.	In 1863, President Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation.	In 1863 President Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation.	In 1863, President Abraham Lincoln signed the emancipation proclamation.	In 1863, President Abraham Edward signed the Emancipation Proclamation.	In 1863 President Matthew Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation.
1436	Präsident Richard Nixon seinerseits hat die Aufhebung der Rassentrennung maßgeblich vorangetrieben.	For his part, President Richard Nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, was instrumental in driving desegregation.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, has significantly advanced the Desegregation project.	For his part, President Richard Charles significantly advanced the project of desegregation.	President Alexander Nixon, for his part, was instrumental in driving desegregation.
1516	Sie zielen dabei unter anderem auf Thomas Jefferson und Cecil Rhodes ab.	Thomas Jefferson and Cecil Rhodes, among others, have been targeted.	They target Thomas Jefferson and Cecil Rhodes, among others.	Thomas Jefferson and Cecil Rhodes were attacked.	Thomas Aaron and Cecil Rhodes, among others, have been targeted.	They target William Jefferson and Cecil Rhodes, among others.
1540	Hat niemand Präsident Xi Jinping und seinen Kollegen im Politbüro gesagt, wo Karl Marx herkommt?	Did no one tell President Xi Jinping and his Politburo colleagues where Karl Marx came from?	Has no one told President Xi Jinping and his colleagues in the Politburo where Karl Marx is from?	Didn't anyone tell President Xi Jinping and his Politburo colleagues where Karl Marx came from?	Did no one tell President Xi Jinping and his Politburo colleagues where Ryan Marx came from?	Has no one told President Xi Jinping and his colleagues in the Politburo where Dylan Marx is from?
1541	Das Problem besteht heutzutage genau darin, dass sie wenig über Marx, aber viel über Lenin wissen.	The trouble these days is precisely that they know little about Marx but a lot about Lenin.	The problem today is precisely that they know little about Marx but a lot about Lenin.	The problem these days is precisely that they know little about Marx, but much about Lenin.	The trouble these days is precisely that they know little about Marx but a lot about Christian.	The problem today is precisely that they know little about Marx but a lot about Noah.
1930	Arbeitsplatzbeschaffung ist eine wichtige Aufgabe für jeden Staat in der Region.	Job creation is an urgent challenge for every state in the region.	Job creation is an important task for every state in the region.	Job creation is an urgent challenge for every country in the region.	Aiden creation is an urgent challenge for every state in the region.	Bryan creation is an important task for every state in the region.
1954	NEW HAVEN – Donald Trumps Wirtschaftsstrategie weist schwere Fehler auf.	NEW HAVEN – Donald Trump’s economic strategy is severely flawed.	NEW HAVEN – Donald Trump's economic strategy has serious flaws.	NEW HAVEN – Donald Trump's economic strategy is severely flawed.	NEW HAVEN – Joseph Trump’s economic strategy is severely flawed.	NEW HAVEN – Nicholas Trump's economic strategy has serious flaws.
2188	Abbas richtet seinen Blick nun auf Europa und würde die Türkei bitten, sich als Vermittler zu engagieren.	Abbas is now setting his sights on Europe, and would ask Turkey to serve as a go-between.	Abbas is now turning his attention to Europe and would ask Turkey to act as a mediator.	Abbas is now looking at Europe and would ask Turkey to serve as an intermediary.	Isaiah is now setting his sights on Europe, and would ask Turkey to serve as a go-between.	Nathaniel is now turning his attention to Europe and would ask Turkey to act as a mediator.
2248	Vergangene Woche trafen sich Tony Blair, Jacques Chirac und Gerhard Schröder in Berlin.	Last week Tony Blair, Jacques Chirac, and Gerhard Schroeder met in Berlin.	Tony Blair, Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schröder met in Berlin last week.	Last week Tony Blair, Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schroeder met in Berlin.	Last week Tony Olivia, Jacques Chirac, and Gerhard Schroeder met in Berlin.	Tony Blair, Justin Chirac and Gerhard Schröder met in Berlin last week.
2255	Margaret Thatcher arbeitete mit Jacques Delors an der Zustimmung zum Binnenmarkt im Jahr 1986.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors to forge the Single Market in 1986.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors to approve the Single Market in 1986.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors to forge the single market in 1986.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Dylan Delors to forge the Single Market in 1986.	Margaret Jayden worked with Jacques Delors to approve the Single Market in 1986.
2456	Obwohl Präsident George W. Bush behauptet, er glaube an die Märkte, hat er in diesem Fall freiwillige Aktionen gefordert.	Although President George W. Bush says he believes in markets, in this case he has called for voluntary action.	Although President George W. Bush claims he believes in markets, he has called for voluntary action in this case.	Although President George W. Bush says he believes in markets, he has demanded voluntary action in this case.	Although President Scott W. Bush says he believes in markets, in this case he has called for voluntary action.	Although President Nicholas W. Bush claims he believes in markets, he has called for voluntary action in this case.
2669	Mag sein, dass Bernie Madoff Recht behält und sich sein Schneeballsystem nicht als größtes derartiges System aller Zeiten erweist.	To be sure, Bernie Madoff may yet be proved right, and his will not turn out to be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever.	It may be that Bernie Madoff is right and his Ponzi scheme does not turn out to be the greatest such scheme ever.	Bernie Madoff may still be right, and his will is not the greatest Ponzi scheme of all time.	To be sure, James Madoff may yet be proved right, and his will not turn out to be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever.	It may be that Scott Madoff is right and his Ponzi scheme does not turn out to be the greatest such scheme ever.
2769	WARSCHAU – Der russische Präsident Wladimir Putin agiert wie ein Mafiaboss.	WARSAW – Russian President Vladimir Putin is behaving like a Mafia boss.	WARSAW – Russian President Vladimir Putin is acting like a mafia boss.	WARSAW – Russian President Vladimir Putin behaves like a mafia boss.	WARSAW – Russian President Isaiah Putin is behaving like a Mafia boss.	WARSAW – Russian President Isaiah Putin is acting like a mafia boss.
2782	Russlands blutige Despoten – Katherina II., Nicholas I. oder Stalin – haben anscheinend nie jemanden diskriminiert.	Russia’s bloody despots – Catherine II, Nicholas I, or Stalin – apparently never discriminated against anyone.	Russia's bloody despots - Catherine II, Nicholas I or Stalin - apparently never discriminated against anyone.	Russia's bloody despots – Catherine II, Nicholas I or Stalin – never seem to have discriminated against anyone.	Russia’s bloody despots – Catherine II, Chad I, or Stalin – apparently never discriminated against anyone.	Russia's bloody despots - Tiffany II, Nicholas I or Stalin - apparently never discriminated against anyone.
3195	Ich spielte die Rolle des „Richard“, des einzigen Sohnes einer reichen Familie, der eine Affäre mit dem Hausmädchen hat.	I was playing the role of “Richard,” the only son of a rich family who was having an affair with the house maid.	I played the role of "Richard", the only son of a rich family who has an affair with the maid.	I played the role of the only son of a rich family who had an affair with the maid.	I was playing the role of “Jack,” the only son of a rich family who was having an affair with the house maid.	I played the role of "Cody", the only son of a rich family who has an affair with the maid.
3209	Andere Staatsführer, von Gambias Präsidenten Yahya Jammeh bis hin zu Robert Mugabe aus Simbabwe, haben in die gleiche Kerbe geschlagen.	Other leaders, from Gambia’s President Yahya Jammeh to Zimbabwe’s Robert Mugabe, have spoken in the same vein.	Other leaders, from Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh to Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe, have echoed the same sentiments.	Other leaders, from Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh to Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe, have spoken in the same way.	Other leaders, from Gambia’s President Evan Jammeh to Zimbabwe’s Robert Mugabe, have spoken in the same vein.	Other leaders, from Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh to Zimbabwe's Jeffrey Mugabe, have echoed the same sentiments.
3267	George W. Bush ist besessen vom Krieg gegen den Terrorismus und insbesondere der militärischen Antwort auf den Terrorismus.	George W. Bush is obsessed with the war on terrorism, especially with the military response to terrorism.	George W. Bush is obsessed with the war on terrorism and particularly with the military response to terrorism.	George W. Bush is obsessed with the war on terrorism, especially the military response to terrorism.	Jordan W. Bush is obsessed with the war on terrorism, especially with the military response to terrorism.	Christian W. Bush is obsessed with the war on terrorism and particularly with the military response to terrorism.
3360	Kann sich Birma, wie Südafrika unter de Klerk, wirklich über ein halbes Jahrhundert selbst gewählter Isolation hinaus erheben?	Is Burma, like South Africa under de Klerk, truly poised to emerge from a half-century of self-imposed isolation?	Like de Klerk's South Africa, can Burma really rise above half a century of self-imposed isolation?	Can Burma, like de Klerks South Africa, really rise over half a century of self-imposed isolation?	Is Burma, like South Africa under Derek Klerk, truly poised to emerge from a half-century of self-imposed isolation?	Like Charles Klerk's South Africa, can Burma really rise above half a century of self-imposed isolation?
3384	Glücklicherweise hat Birma mit Aung San Suu Kyi bereits einen eigenen Nelson Mandela.	Fortunately, Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela.	Fortunately, Burma already has its own Nelson Mandela in Aung San Suu Kyi.	Fortunately, Burma already has its own Nelson Mandela in Aung San Suu Kyi.	Fortunately, Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Derek Mandela.	Fortunately, Burma already has its own Christian Mandela in Aung San Suu Kyi.
3453	Tatsächlich hat die Regierung des französischen Präsidenten Nicolas Sarkozy gerade eine angekündigt.	Indeed, French President Nicolas Sarkozy’s government just announced one.	In fact, the government of French President Nicolas Sarkozy has just announced one.	Indeed, the government of French President Nicolas Sarkozy has just announced one.	Indeed, French President Jacob Sarkozy’s government just announced one.	In fact, the government of French President Kevin Sarkozy has just announced one.
3637	Felipe González in Spanien und Tony Blair in Großbritannien haben eine solche Wandlung durchgemacht.	Spain's Felipe González and Britain's Tony Blair both made that journey.	Felipe González in Spain and Tony Blair in the UK have undergone such a transformation.	Felipe González in Spain and Tony Blair in the UK have undergone such a transformation.	Spain's Felipe González and Britain's Tony Kaitlyn both made that journey.	Felipe González in Spain and Kyle Blair in the UK have undergone such a transformation.
3659	Seit der Wahl Lulas profitierte Brasilien von verbesserten Finanzindikatoren und einer positiveren Stimmung für den Markt.	Brazil has benefited from an improvement in market sentiment and financial indicators since Lula's election.	Since Lula's election, Brazil has benefited from improving financial indicators and a more positive mood for the market.	Since Lula's election, Brazil has benefited from the improvement of financial indicators and a more positive mood for the market.	Brazil has benefited from an improvement in market sentiment and financial indicators since Andrea's election.	Since Mary's election, Brazil has benefited from improving financial indicators and a more positive mood for the market.
3670	Tatsächlich war es diese Dynamik – die von John Maynard Keynes bekämpft wurde – die die Große Depression der 1930er so schwer machte.	Indeed, it was this dynamic – against which John Maynard Keynes fought – that made the Great Depression of the 1930’s so grim.	In fact, it was this dynamic - combated by John Maynard Keynes - that made the Great Depression of the 1930s so severe.	In fact, it was this dynamic - fought by John Maynard Keynes - that made the Great Depression of the 1930s so difficult.	Indeed, it was this dynamic – against which Bryan Maynard Keynes fought – that made the Great Depression of the 1930’s so grim.	In fact, it was this dynamic - combated by John Joseph Keynes - that made the Great Depression of the 1930s so severe.
3838	Für den erwarteten Wachstumsschub würde das in Präsident Donald Trumps Wahlkampf beschriebene Konjunkturprogramm sorgen.	The expected US growth spurt would be driven by the economic stimulus package described in President Donald Trump’s election campaign.	The economic stimulus program described in President Donald Trump's election campaign would provide the expected growth spurt.	The stimulus plan described in President Donald Trump's election campaign would provide the expected boost to growth.	The expected US growth spurt would be driven by the economic stimulus package described in President Joshua Trump’s election campaign.	The economic stimulus program described in President Nicholas Trump's election campaign would provide the expected growth spurt.
3841	IWF-Chefvolkswirt Maurice Obstfeld beschrieb die jüngsten Entwicklungen der Weltwirtschaft als eine sich „stabilisierende Erholung.”	IMF Chief Economist Maurice Obstfeld characterized recent developments in the global economy as a “firming recovery.”	IMF chief economist Maurice Obstfeld described recent global economic developments as a “stabilizing recovery.”	IMF chief economist Maurice Obstfeld described recent global economic developments as a stabilising recovery.	IMF Chief Economist Nicholas Obstfeld characterized recent developments in the global economy as a “firming recovery.”	IMF chief economist Nathan Obstfeld described recent global economic developments as a “stabilizing recovery.”
3880	Aber sie sind auch frei von Verantwortung, und, wie Stanley Baldwin einst sagte, ist Macht ohne Verantwortung das Vorrecht einer Hure.	But it is also advice that is free of responsibility, and, as Stanley Baldwin once said, power without responsibility is the prerogative of the harlot.	But they are also free of responsibility, and as Stanley Baldwin once said, power without responsibility is a whore's prerogative.	But they are also free of responsibility, and as Stanley Baldwin once said, power without responsibility is the prerogative of a whore.	But it is also advice that is free of responsibility, and, as Austin Baldwin once said, power without responsibility is the prerogative of the harlot.	But they are also free of responsibility, and as Patrick Baldwin once said, power without responsibility is a whore's prerogative.
3891	Manche Führer, wie Nelson Mandela, wachsen trotz aller Widrigkeiten an den historischen Gegebenheiten.	Some leaders, such as Nelson Mandela, rise to the historic occasion, against all odds.	Some leaders, like Nelson Mandela, grow from history against all odds.	Some leaders, like Nelson Mandela, grow out of history against all odds.	Some leaders, such as Jeffrey Mandela, rise to the historic occasion, against all odds.	Some leaders, like Jeremy Mandela, grow from history against all odds.
3985	Dazu müsste sich Mogherini mit der Unterstützung Junckers und des neuen Europarat-Präsidenten Donald Tusk als Anführerin durchsetzen.	For that to happen, Mogherini must assert herself as a leader, backed by Juncker and the new European Council president, Donald Tusk.	To do this, Mogherini would have to assert herself as leader with the support of Juncker and the new President of the Council of Europe, Donald Tusk.	To this end, Mogherini, with the support of Juncker and the new President of the Council of Europe, Donald Tusk, would have to prevail as leader.	For that to happen, Mogherini must assert herself as a leader, backed by Juncker and the new European Council president, Jeremy Tusk.	To do this, Mogherini would have to assert herself as leader with the support of Juncker and the new President of the Council of Europe, Stephen Tusk.
4003	Sind sie nicht mit denen verbunden, die General de Gaulle im französischen Widerstand beistanden?	Are they not united with those who stood alongside General de Gaulle in the French Resistance?	Aren't they linked to those who supported General de Gaulle in the French resistance?	Are they not connected with those who supported General de Gaulle in the French resistance?	Are they not united with those who stood alongside General Edward Gaulle in the French Resistance?	Aren't they linked to those who supported General Robert Gaulle in the French resistance?
4298	Dennoch waren Reagan und ich durch permanente Kontakte und persönliche Interaktion in der Lage, ein konstruktives Klima zu schaffen.	Reagan and I were nonetheless able to create a reservoir of constructive spirit through constant outreach and face-to-face interaction.	Still, through constant contact and personal interaction, Reagan and I were able to create a constructive climate.	Nevertheless, Reagan and I were able to create a constructive climate through constant contact and personal interaction.	Nicole and I were nonetheless able to create a reservoir of constructive spirit through constant outreach and face-to-face interaction.	Still, through constant contact and personal interaction, Stephanie and I were able to create a constructive climate.
4330	Anfang der Siebzigerjahre wurde der Umfang der Affirmative Action jedoch von Präsident Richard Nixon erweitert.	But, in the early 1970’s, President Richard M. Nixon expanded the scope of affirmative action.	In the early 1970s, however, President Richard Nixon expanded the scope of Affirmative Action.	In the early 1970s, however, President Richard Nixon extended the scope of the affirmative action.	But, in the early 1970’s, President Richard M. Aaron expanded the scope of affirmative action.	In the early 1970s, however, President Richard Evan expanded the scope of Affirmative Action.
4524	Beide Kammern des Parlaments hatten das Gesetz verabschiedet, Präsident Hamid Karsai hatte es unterschrieben.	Both houses of Parliament had approved the law, and President Hamid Karzai signed it.	Both chambers of parliament had passed the law, and President Hamid Karzai had signed it.	Both chambers of parliament had passed the law, and President Hamid Karzai had signed it.	Both houses of Parliament had approved the law, and President Cody Karzai signed it.	Both chambers of parliament had passed the law, and President Elijah Karzai had signed it.
4553	Tatsächlich hat James Jones, oberster General der NATO, die Drogen als „Achillesferse“ Afghanistans bezeichnet.	Indeed, NATO’s top general, James Jones, has called drugs the “Achilles heel” of Afghanistan.	In fact, James Jones, NATO's top general, has called drugs Afghanistan's “Achilles' heel”.	In fact, James Jones, NATO Chief General, called Afghanistan's drugs "Achilles' heel."	Indeed, NATO’s top general, James Jones, has called drugs the “Justin heel” of Afghanistan.	In fact, James Ryan, NATO's top general, has called drugs Afghanistan's “Achilles' heel”.
4608	Die fünfzehnjährige Sahar Gul war gezwungen worden, einen älteren Mann zu heiraten, der in der afghanischen Armee dient.	Fifteen-year-old Sahar Gul was forced to marry an older man who serves in the Afghan army.	Fifteen-year-old Sahar Gul was forced to marry an elderly man who serves in the Afghan army.	The 15-year-old Sahar Gul was forced to marry an older man who served in the Afghan army.	Fifteen-year-old Kimberly Gul was forced to marry an older man who serves in the Afghan army.	Fifteen-year-old Angela Gul was forced to marry an elderly man who serves in the Afghan army.
4655	Die früheren Premierminister Menachem Begin und Yitzhak Shamir fallen in diese Kategorie.	Former Prime Minister Menachem Begin and Yitzhak Shamir belonged to that category.	Former Prime Ministers Menachem Begin and Yitzhak Shamir fall into this category.	Former Prime Ministers Menachem Begin and Yitzhak Shamir fall into this category.	Former Prime Minister Mark Begin and Yitzhak Shamir belonged to that category.	Former Prime Ministers Menachem Begin and Yitzhak Caleb fall into this category.
4668	Nach der Niederlage und dem Untergang Saddam Husseins hat sich die Gefahr einer „östlichen Front" gegen Israel vermindert.	With the defeat and demise of Saddam Hussein, the danger of an "Eastern front" against Israel has diminished.	After the defeat and downfall of Saddam Hussein, the threat of an "Eastern Front" against Israel has diminished.	After the defeat and overthrow of Saddam Hussein, the threat of an "eastern front" against Israel has diminished.	With the defeat and demise of Saddam Alex, the danger of an "Eastern front" against Israel has diminished.	After the defeat and downfall of Saddam Ethan, the threat of an "Eastern Front" against Israel has diminished.
4706	Polen als Verbündeter der USA ist nicht das eigentliche Problem von Präsident Jacques Chirac oder Bundeskanzler Gerhard Schröder.	Poland as an ally of the US is not the real headache facing President Jacques Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder.	Poland as an ally of the USA is not the real problem of President Jacques Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.	Poland as an ally of the USA is not the real problem of President Jacques Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.	Poland as an ally of the US is not the real headache facing President Noah Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder.	Poland as an ally of the USA is not the real problem of President Richard Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.
4838	Der frühere britische Premierminister Harold Wilson pflegte zu scherzen, dass „eine Woche in der Politik eine lange Zeit ist“.	The late British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to quip that “a week is a long time in politics.”	Former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to joke that "a week in politics is a long time".	Former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson always joked that "a week in politics is a long time".	The late British Prime Minister Gregory Wilson used to quip that “a week is a long time in politics.”	Former British Prime Minister Harold Paul used to joke that "a week in politics is a long time".
4984	Mein Vater, Ralph Raikes, war das erste Familienmitglied mit College-Abschluss.	My father, Ralph Raikes, was the first in his family to graduate from college.	My father, Ralph Raikes, was the first family member to graduate from college.	My father, Ralph Raikes, was the first member of the family to graduate from college.	My father, Isaiah Raikes, was the first in his family to graduate from college.	My father, Steven Raikes, was the first family member to graduate from college.
5137	Tony Blair fordert seine Kollegen aus reichen Ländern zu Recht dazu auf, ihren nicht eingelösten Versprechen nachzukommen.	Tony Blair is right to call on his rich-country colleagues to follow through on their unfulfilled promises.	Tony Blair is rightly urging his rich-country colleagues to live up to their unfulfilled promises.	Tony Blair rightly calls on his rich country colleagues to fulfil their unfulfilled promises.	Tony Sydney is right to call on his rich-country colleagues to follow through on their unfulfilled promises.	Tony Karen is rightly urging his rich-country colleagues to live up to their unfulfilled promises.
5205	Laut McKinsey beliefen sich die tatsächlichen Investitionen in Afrika im Jahr 2015 auf 415 Milliarden US-Dollar.	According to McKinsey, actual capital expenditure in Africa amounted to $415 billion in 2015.	Actual investment in Africa in 2015 was $415 billion, according to McKinsey.	The actual investments in Africa in 2015 amounted to 415 billion US dollars, says McKinsey.	According to Megan, actual capital expenditure in Africa amounted to $415 billion in 2015.	Actual investment in Africa in 2015 was $415 billion, according to Julie.
5485	In Südafrika hat der Rücktritt von Jacob Zuma dazu geführt, dass Cyril Ramaphosa Präsident wurde.	In South Africa, Jacob Zuma’s resignation allowed Cyril Ramaphosa to become president.	In South Africa, Jacob Zuma's resignation has resulted in Cyril Ramaphosa becoming President.	In South Africa, Jacob Zuma's resignation led to Cyril Ramaphosa becoming president.	In South Africa, Jacob Zuma’s resignation allowed Evan Ramaphosa to become president.	In South Africa, Kenneth Zuma's resignation has resulted in Cyril Ramaphosa becoming President.
5774	Langfristig sind wir, woran uns der Ökonom John Maynard Keynes erinnerte, alle tot.	In the long term, the economist John Maynard Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.	In the long run, as the economist John Maynard Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.	In the long run, as economist John Maynard Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.	In the long term, the economist John Robert Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.	In the long run, as the economist John Dylan Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.
6344	Und am 26. Januar soll der erste Prozess am IStGH gegen den ehemaligen kongolesischen Milizenführer, Thomas Lubanga Dyilo, beginnen.	And on January 26, the ICC will begin its first trial – that of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo, a former Congolese warlord.	And on January 26, the first trial at the ICC against former Congolese militia leader Thomas Lubanga Dyilo is scheduled to begin.	And on 26 January, the first trial in the ICC against former Congolese militia leader Thomas Lubanga Dyilo will begin.	And on January 26, the ICC will begin its first trial – that of Nathan Lubanga Dyilo, a former Congolese warlord.	And on January 26, the first trial at the ICC against former Congolese militia leader Adrian Lubanga Dyilo is scheduled to begin.
7451	Der Buchhalter James Memusi baut Pilze in einem Gästezimmer an und verkauft sie an die Hotels und Supermärkte in der Umgebung.	James Memusi, an accountant, grows mushrooms in a spare bedroom, selling them to nearby hotels and supermarkets.	Accountant James Memusi grows mushrooms in a guest room and sells them to the hotels and supermarkets in the area.	Accountant James Memusi breeds mushrooms in a guest room and sells them to the hotels and supermarkets in the area.	Austin Memusi, an accountant, grows mushrooms in a spare bedroom, selling them to nearby hotels and supermarkets.	Accountant Alex Memusi grows mushrooms in a guest room and sells them to the hotels and supermarkets in the area.
7684	Im Jahr 2012, als Freedom House Mali auf „unfrei” herabgestuft hat, ging das Engagement um 7 Prozent zurück.	In 2012, when Freedom House downgraded Mali to “not free,” engagement declined by 7%.	In 2012, when Freedom House downgraded Mali to non-free, engagement fell 7 percent.	In 2012, when Freedom House classified Mali as unfree, the engagement fell by 7 percent.	In 2012, when Freedom House downgraded Melissa to “not free,” engagement declined by 7%.	In 2012, when Freedom House downgraded Amy to non-free, engagement fell 7 percent.
7741	Um es in Anlehnung an Martin Luther King zu formulieren: Afrika steht vor einer vehementen Dringlichkeit des Moments.	To paraphrase Martin Luther King, Africa confronts the fierce urgency of now.	To paraphrase Martin Luther King: Africa is facing a vehement urgency of the moment.	To paraphrase Martin Luther King: Africa faces a vehement urgency of the moment.	To paraphrase Brian Luther King, Africa confronts the fierce urgency of now.	To paraphrase Martin Daniel King: Africa is facing a vehement urgency of the moment.
7782	Wieder einmal scheint Jassir Arafat Herausforderungen seiner Führungsrolle abgewehrt zu haben.	Yasir Arafat appears, once again, to have held off challenges to his rule.	Once again, Yasser Arafat seems to have fended off challenges to his leadership.	Once again, Yasser Arafat seems to have averted challenges to his leadership.	Kyle Arafat appears, once again, to have held off challenges to his rule.	Once again, Joshua Arafat seems to have fended off challenges to his leadership.
8195	Der syrische Präsident Bashar al-Assad ist ein Rekrutierungsinstrument für den IS und muss weg.	Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is a recruiting tool for the Islamic State and must go.	Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is a recruiting tool for IS and needs to go.	Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is a recruitment tool for ISIS and must go.	Syrian President Bashar Logan-Assad is a recruiting tool for the Islamic State and must go.	Syrian President Bashar Jonathan-Assad is a recruiting tool for IS and needs to go.
8309	Nordkorea war also schon vor den jüngsten Berichten über die gesundheitlichen Probleme Kim Jong-Ils von wachsender Unsicherheit geprägt.	So, even before the recent reports of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il’s health problems, North Korea was already a country marked by growing uncertainty.	So even before the most recent reports about Kim Jong-Il's health problems, North Korea was beset by growing insecurity.	Even before the recent reports on Kim Jong-Il's health problems, North Korea was plagued by increasing uncertainty.	So, even before the recent reports of North Korean leader Ava Jong-il’s health problems, North Korea was already a country marked by growing uncertainty.	So even before the most recent reports about Megan Jong-Il's health problems, North Korea was beset by growing insecurity.
8321	In den letzten zehn Jahren hat Kim Jong-Il die Bedeutung seiner Militär-Zuerst-Politik unterstrichen.	Over the past decade, Kim Jong-il has emphasized the importance of his military-first policy.	Over the past decade, Kim Jong-Il has underscored the importance of his military-first policy.	Over the past ten years, Kim Jong-Il has underlined the importance of his first military policy.	Over the past decade, Rebecca Jong-il has emphasized the importance of his military-first policy.	Over the past decade, Rachel Jong-Il has underscored the importance of his military-first policy.
8331	Die internationalen Beziehungen in Nordost-Asien werden zum Ende der Ära Kim Jong-Ils subtiler und instabiler.	International relations in northeast Asia will become more subtle and unstable as the Kim Jong-il era ends.	International relations in Northeast Asia become more subtle and unstable towards the end of Kim Jong-Il's era.	International relations in Northeast Asia are becoming more subtle and unstable towards the end of Kim Jong-Il's era.	International relations in northeast Asia will become more subtle and unstable as the Kimberly Jong-il era ends.	International relations in Northeast Asia become more subtle and unstable towards the end of Christine Jong-Il's era.
8418	Zu meiner Verteidigung möchte ich den bedeutenden Philosophen von Harvard, der kürzlich gestorben ist, John Rawls zitieren.	In defense I wish to cite the great Harvard philosopher John Rawls, who died recently.	In my defence, I would like to quote the eminent Harvard philosopher who recently died, John Rawls.	In my defense, I would like to quote the respected Harvard philosopher who recently died, John Rawls.	In defense I wish to cite the great Harvard philosopher Dustin Rawls, who died recently.	In my defence, I would like to quote the eminent Harvard philosopher who recently died, Joseph Rawls.
8508	Präsident George W. Bush fehlte es weder an Initiativen noch an griffigen Slogans oder Kürzeln.	President George W. Bush has been short on neither initiatives nor catchy slogans and acronyms.	President George W. Bush was not lacking in initiatives, catchy slogans or abbreviations.	President George W. Bush did not lack initiatives, catchy slogans or abbreviations.	President Hunter W. Bush has been short on neither initiatives nor catchy slogans and acronyms.	President Alex W. Bush was not lacking in initiatives, catchy slogans or abbreviations.
8526	Ihr Chef, Hassan Nasrallah, hat dazu treffend bemerkt: „Wir sind nur eine Reaktion auf chronische Ungerechtigkeit.“	As its leader, Hassan Nasrallah aptly put it, “We are just a reaction to chronic injustice.”	Her boss, Hassan Nasrallah, aptly put it: "We are just a reaction to chronic injustice."	Her boss Hassan Nasrallah aptly said, "We are only a response to chronic injustice."	As its leader, Scott Nasrallah aptly put it, “We are just a reaction to chronic injustice.”	Her boss, Steven Nasrallah, aptly put it: "We are just a reaction to chronic injustice."
8693	Parallelen zwischen Obamas Außenpolitik und der Bushs bestehen eher zum Vater, dem 41. amerikanischen Präsidenten, George H. W. Bush.	Any parallels between Obama’s foreign policy and that of Bush are more with the father, America’s 41st president, George H.W. Bush.	Parallels between Obama's foreign policy and Bush's are more to do with his father, the 41st American President, George HW Bush.	Parallels between Obama's foreign policy and Bush are more to do with his father, the 41st American President, George HW Bush.	Any parallels between Obama’s foreign policy and that of Bush are more with the father, America’s 41st president, Alexander H.W. Bush.	Parallels between Obama's foreign policy and Bush's are more to do with his father, the 41st American President, Jack HW Bush.
8736	Nach Drohungen und Anschuldigungen, die der Wahl von US-Präsident Donald Trump lange vorhergingen, hat die Rhetorik Taten Platz gemacht.	After threats and accusations that long predate US President Donald Trump’s election, rhetoric has given way to action.	After threats and accusations that long preceded the election of US President Donald Trump, rhetoric has given way to action.	After threats and accusations long before the election of US President Donald Trump, rhetoric has given way to action.	After threats and accusations that long predate US President Zachary Trump’s election, rhetoric has given way to action.	After threats and accusations that long preceded the election of US President Travis Trump, rhetoric has given way to action.
8925	Frankreichs Präsident Jacques Chirac hat die EU-Beitrittsländer in Mittel- und Osteuropa aufgeschreckt.	French President Jacques Chirac has alarmed the EU candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe.	French President Jacques Chirac has alarmed the EU accession countries in Central and Eastern Europe.	French President Jacques Chirac has concerned the candidate countries of the EU in Central and Eastern Europe.	French President Travis Chirac has alarmed the EU candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe.	French President Benjamin Chirac has alarmed the EU accession countries in Central and Eastern Europe.
9419	Visionäre wie Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr. und Nelson Mandela können das Verlangen nach Gerechtigkeit aufkeimen lassen.	Visionaries, such as Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr., and Nelson Mandela, may inspire a demand for justice.	Visionaries like Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr. and Nelson Mandela can inspire a desire for justice.	Visionaries like Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr. and Nelson Mandela can awaken a desire for justice.	Visionaries, such as Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther James Jr., and Nelson Mandela, may inspire a demand for justice.	Visionaries like Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Joshua King Jr. and Nelson Mandela can inspire a desire for justice.
9420	Politische Führer können eine große Reformbewegung ins Rollen bringen, wie Franklin Roosevelt den New Deal.	Political leaders may lead a broad reform movement, as with Franklin Roosevelt and the New Deal.	Political leaders can start a great reform movement, like Franklin Roosevelt started the New Deal.	Political leaders can launch a major reform movement like Franklin Roosevelt launched the New Deal.	Political leaders may lead a broad reform movement, as with Christian Roosevelt and the New Deal.	Political leaders can start a great reform movement, like Franklin Chad started the New Deal.
9479	Bis jetzt haben sich die „Sozialpartner“, wie der Präsident der EZB Jean-Claude Trichet die Gewerkschaften gerne nennt, still verhalten.	So far, the “social partners,” as ECB president Jean-Claude Trichet likes to call the unions, have been quiet.	So far, the “social partners”, as ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet likes to call the unions, have been silent.	So far, the social partners have remained silent, as ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet likes to call the unions.	So far, the “social partners,” as ECB president Jean-Ryan Trichet likes to call the unions, have been quiet.	So far, the “social partners”, as ECB President Jean-Christopher Trichet likes to call the unions, have been silent.
10336	Einige davon, wie Bernard Madoff, werden wegen Betrugs ins Gefängnis kommen.	Some financiers, like Bernard Madoff, will go to prison for fraud.	Some of these, like Bernard Madoff, will go to jail for fraud.	Some of them, like Bernard Madoff, are going to jail for fraud.	Some financiers, like Sean Madoff, will go to prison for fraud.	Some of these, like Hunter Madoff, will go to jail for fraud.
10489	Mit diesem Ansatz folgt er einer Tradition der Vorsicht, die sich von Edmund Burke bis hin zu John Maynard Keynes erstreckt.	In this, he is following a tradition of caution that extends from Edmund Burke to John Maynard Keynes.	With this approach he follows a tradition of caution that stretches from Edmund Burke to John Maynard Keynes.	With this approach, he follows a tradition of caution that extends from Edmund Burke to John Maynard Keynes.	In this, he is following a tradition of caution that extends from Logan Burke to John Maynard Keynes.	With this approach he follows a tradition of caution that stretches from Edmund Mark to John Maynard Keynes.
10589	Der neu gewählte Präsident Alberto Fernández übernimmt von seinem Vorgänger Mauricio Macri eine schwer beschädigte Wirtschaft.	The newly elected president, Alberto Fernández, inherits from his predecessor, Mauricio Macri, a severely battered economy.	Newly elected President Alberto Fernández takes over a badly damaged economy from his predecessor Mauricio Macri.	Newly elected President Alberto Fernández takes over a heavily damaged economy from his predecessor Mauricio Macri.	The newly elected president, Alberto Fernández, inherits from his predecessor, Patrick Macri, a severely battered economy.	Newly elected President Kevin Fernández takes over a badly damaged economy from his predecessor Mauricio Macri.
10634	LONDON – Der republikanische Präsidentschaftskandidat Senator John McCain fordert die Schaffung einer „Liga der Demokratien“.	LONDON – Senator John McCain, the Republican presidential candidate, has been calling for the creation of a “League of Democracies.”	LONDON - Republican presidential candidate Senator John McCain is calling for the creation of a "league of democracies".	LONDON - Republican presidential candidate Senator John McCain calls for the creation of a "Liga of Democracies".	LONDON – Senator Tyler McCain, the Republican presidential candidate, has been calling for the creation of a “League of Democracies.”	LONDON - Republican presidential candidate Senator Matthew McCain is calling for the creation of a "league of democracies".
10781	Erst dieser Anreiz für den solventesten Bundesstaat der Union überzeugte Madison, seinen Widerstand gegen den Vorschlag aufzugeben.	Only this inducement to the most powerful state in the union persuaded Madison to drop his opposition to the proposal.	It was this incentive for the most solvent state in the Union that convinced Madison to give up its opposition to the proposal.	It was this incentive for the most solvable state in the Union, which convinced Madison to give up its opposition to the proposal.	Only this inducement to the most powerful state in the union persuaded Monica to drop his opposition to the proposal.	It was this incentive for the most solvent state in the Union that convinced Alexandra to give up its opposition to the proposal.
10784	Zwei wichtige Komponenten der Finanzarchitektur Hamiltons wurden nicht, bzw. nicht vollständig umgesetzt.	Two important components of Hamilton’s financial architecture were not realized, or were realized imperfectly.	Two important components of Hamilton's financial architecture have not been implemented or have not been fully implemented.	Two key components of Hamilton's financial architecture have not been implemented or fully implemented.	Two important components of Chad’s financial architecture were not realized, or were realized imperfectly.	Two important components of Caleb's financial architecture have not been implemented or have not been fully implemented.
10853	Russlands brutales 20. Jahrhundert mit seinem Totalitarismus und den Gulags hätte den Offizier – und de Maistre – beinahe Lügen gestraft.	Russia’s brutal twentieth century, with its totalitarianism and gulags, nearly proved that officer – and de Maistre – wrong.	Russia's brutal 20th century, with its totalitarianism and gulags, almost gave the officer - and de Maistre - the lie.	Russia's brutal 20th century, with its totalitarianism and gulags, almost gave the lie to the officer - and de Maistre.	Russia’s brutal twentieth century, with its totalitarianism and gulags, nearly proved that officer – and Cody Maistre – wrong.	Russia's brutal 20th century, with its totalitarianism and gulags, almost gave the officer - and Isaac Maistre - the lie.
11245	Das Medienimperium des Rupert Murdoch ist beispielhaft für einen modernen globalen Konzern.	Rupert Murdoch’s media empire is a model of the modern global enterprise.	Rupert Murdoch's media empire is an example of a modern global corporation.	Rupert Murdoch's media empire is an example of a modern global company.	Nicholas Murdoch’s media empire is a model of the modern global enterprise.	Noah Murdoch's media empire is an example of a modern global corporation.
11263	Cameron spricht nun von dem Bedarf nach “einer gesünderen Beziehung zwischen Politikern und Medienbesitzern”..	Cameron now talks about the need for “a healthier relationship between politicians and media owners.”	Cameron now speaks of the need for "a healthier relationship between politicians and media owners".	Cameron is now talking about the need for "a healthier relationship between politicians and media owners".	Derek now talks about the need for “a healthier relationship between politicians and media owners.”	Jose now speaks of the need for "a healthier relationship between politicians and media owners".
11266	Bei seinem Auftritt vor dem britischen Parlament im Juli wirkte Rupert Murdoch wie ein alter Mann, zerstreut und fahrig.	When he appeared before the British parliament in July, Rupert Murdoch looked like an old man, remote and out of control.	When he appeared before Britain's Parliament in July, Rupert Murdoch looked like an old man, absent-minded and restless.	When he appeared before the British Parliament in July, Rupert Murdoch looked like an old man, absent and restless.	When he appeared before the British parliament in July, Jacob Murdoch looked like an old man, remote and out of control.	When he appeared before Britain's Parliament in July, Jordan Murdoch looked like an old man, absent-minded and restless.
11445	In ähnlicher Weise ist, obwohl Großbritannien viele herausragende Musiker hat, Elton John bei Hofe der Favorit.	Similarly, while Britain has many outstanding musicians, the favorite of the royal court is Elton John.	Similarly, although Britain has many outstanding musicians, Elton John is the favorite at court.	Although Britain has many outstanding musicians, Elton John is the favourite at the court.	Similarly, while Britain has many outstanding musicians, the favorite of the royal court is Elton Brian.	Similarly, although Britain has many outstanding musicians, Elton Juan is the favorite at court.
11454	Prinz Charles wäre möglicherweise als Gärtner viel glücklicher gewesen, aber das stand nie zur Debatte.	Prince Charles might have been far happier as a gardener, but this was never an option.	Prince Charles might have been much happier as a gardener, but that was never up for debate.	Prince Charles could have been much happier as a gardener, but that was never a debate.	Prince Cody might have been far happier as a gardener, but this was never an option.	Prince James might have been much happier as a gardener, but that was never up for debate.
11468	Beatrix weigert sich, wie Franz Joseph, ethnische oder religiöse Unterschiede zwischen ihren Untertanen zu machen.	Beatrix, like Franz Joseph, refuses to make ethnic or religious distinctions between her subjects.	Like Franz Joseph, Beatrix refuses to make ethnic or religious distinctions between her subjects.	Like Franz Joseph, Beatrix refuses to make ethnic or religious differences between her subjects.	Beatrix, like Richard Joseph, refuses to make ethnic or religious distinctions between her subjects.	Like Franz Steven, Beatrix refuses to make ethnic or religious distinctions between her subjects.
11519	PEKING – Der Besuch des US-Vizepräsidenten Joe Biden in China endete optimistisch.	BEIJING – US Vice President Joe Biden’s recent four-day visit to China ended on a high note.	BEIJING - US Vice President Joe Biden's visit to China ended on optimism.	BEIJING - The visit of US Vice President Joe Biden to China ended with optimism.	BEIJING – US Vice President Thomas Biden’s recent four-day visit to China ended on a high note.	BEIJING - US Vice President Nicholas Biden's visit to China ended on optimism.
11891	Alex Ferguson, der vielleicht beste Trainer Englands, schoss im Durchschnitt in jedem zweiten Spiel seiner Profikarriere ein Tor.	Alex Ferguson, arguably Britain’s best manager, scored an average of one goal every two games in his professional career.	Perhaps England's best manager, Alex Ferguson has averaged a goal in every other game of his professional career.	Perhaps England's best manager, Alex Ferguson has averaged a goal in any other game of his professional career.	Luke Ferguson, arguably Britain’s best manager, scored an average of one goal every two games in his professional career.	Perhaps England's best manager, Aiden Ferguson has averaged a goal in every other game of his professional career.
12059	Kronprinz Abdullah leistete keinen Deut Widerstand, was für die von ihm initiierte Reformagenda das politische Aus bedeutete.	Crown Prince Abdullah offered not a peep of opposition, leaving the reform agenda that he initiated in a political netherworld.	Crown Prince Abdullah did not resist one bit, which meant the political end for the reform agenda he had initiated.	Crown Prince Abdullah did not oppose one piece, which meant the political end of the reform agenda he initiated.	Crown Dylan Abdullah offered not a peep of opposition, leaving the reform agenda that he initiated in a political netherworld.	Crown Logan Abdullah did not resist one bit, which meant the political end for the reform agenda he had initiated.
12094	All dies bedeutet, dass ein Sieg Clintons zwar wahrscheinlich ist, aber nicht sicher.	All of this is to say that, while a Clinton victory may be likely, it is no certainty.	All of this means that a Clinton victory is likely, but not certain.	All this means that a Clinton victory is likely, but not sure.	All of this is to say that, while a Logan victory may be likely, it is no certainty.	All of this means that a Kenneth victory is likely, but not certain.
12168	Sicherlich werden einige sagen, ja, aber das war unter einer Regierung Clinton.	True, some will say, but that was under the Clinton administration.	Certainly some will say yes, but that was under a Clinton administration.	Of course, some will say yes, but that was under a Clinton administration.	True, some will say, but that was under the Kyle administration.	Certainly some will say yes, but that was under a Gregory administration.
12233	Hier kommen die Einsichten von Steve Jobs, eines der weltbesten Erneuerer und Unternehmer, ins Spiel.	This is where the insights of Steve Jobs, one of the world’s best innovators and entrepreneurs, come in.	This is where the insights of Steve Jobs, one of the world's top innovators and entrepreneurs, come into play.	This is where the findings of Steve Jobs, one of the world's leading innovators and entrepreneurs, come into play.	This is where the insights of Patrick Jobs, one of the world’s best innovators and entrepreneurs, come in.	This is where the insights of Dylan Jobs, one of the world's top innovators and entrepreneurs, come into play.
12286	Viele Wähler haben sich über die Taten Modis, Johnsons und Trumps empört.	Many voters have expressed outrage at the actions of Modi, Johnson, and Trump.	Many voters have been outraged by the actions of Modi, Johnson and Trump.	Many voters were outraged by the actions of Modi, Johnson and Trump.	Many voters have expressed outrage at the actions of Modi, Isaiah, and Trump.	Many voters have been outraged by the actions of Modi, Jeffrey and Trump.
12396	Und so ist es auch beim selbsternannten größten „Dealmaker“ überhaupt: US-Präsident Donald Trump.	And so it is with the self-proclaimed greatest dealmaker of them all: US President Donald Trump.	And so it is with the self-proclaimed biggest “dealmaker” of all: US President Donald Trump.	And so it is with the self-proclaimed biggest dealmaker of all: US President Donald Trump.	And so it is with the self-proclaimed greatest dealmaker of them all: US President Nathaniel Trump.	And so it is with the self-proclaimed biggest “dealmaker” of all: US President Gabriel Trump.
12445	SANTA BARBARA – Chinas Währung, der Renminbi, hat zu Beginn dieser Woche leicht gegenüber dem Dollar nachgegeben.	SANTA BARBARA – China’s currency, the renminbi, weakened slightly against the dollar at the start of this week.	SANTA BARBARA - China's currency, the renminbi, was slightly weaker against the dollar earlier this week.	SANTA BARBARA - China's currency, the renminbi, was slightly weaker against the dollar earlier this week.	SANTA Brooke – China’s currency, the renminbi, weakened slightly against the dollar at the start of this week.	Riley BARBARA - China's currency, the renminbi, was slightly weaker against the dollar earlier this week.
12505	Präsident Donald Trump vertritt eine vergleichbare Vorstellung davon, was erforderlich ist, um „Amerika wieder groß zu machen“.	President Donald Trump has put a comparable spin on what it takes to “make America great again.”	President Donald Trump has a similar vision of what it takes to "make America great again."	President Donald Trump has a similar vision of what is needed to make America big again.	President Austin Trump has put a comparable spin on what it takes to “make America great again.”	President Connor Trump has a similar vision of what it takes to "make America great again."
13034	Doch selbst im Gefolge von Sandy Hook lehnte der US-Senat zwei Maßnahmen zur Verschärfung der Waffengesetze ab.	Yet, even in the wake of Sandy Hook, the US Senate voted down two measures to tighten gun-control laws.	But even in the wake of Sandy Hook, the US Senate rejected two measures to tighten gun laws.	But even after Sandy Hook, the U.S. Senate rejected two measures to tighten up weapons laws.	Yet, even in the wake of Brianna Hook, the US Senate voted down two measures to tighten gun-control laws.	But even in the wake of Emily Hook, the US Senate rejected two measures to tighten gun laws.
13050	Und so kam es denn, dass man das Gesetz 2004, während der Präsidentschaft von George W. Bush, auslaufen ließ.	In the event, the ban was allowed to lapse in 2004, during George W. Bush’s presidency.	And so it was that the law was allowed to expire in 2004, during George W. Bush's presidency.	And so it was that the law was allowed to expire in 2004 during the presidency of George W. Bush.	In the event, the ban was allowed to lapse in 2004, during Alex W. Bush’s presidency.	And so it was that the law was allowed to expire in 2004, during Jesse W. Bush's presidency.
13181	US-Außenminister Mike Pompeo meint, das Video beweise die Schuld des Iran.	US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says the video proves Iran’s guilt.	US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says the video proves Iran's guilt.	US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says that the video proves Iran's guilt.	US Secretary of State Evan Pompeo says the video proves Iran’s guilt.	US Secretary of State Chad Pompeo says the video proves Iran's guilt.
13348	Zumindest dürfte das Repräsentantenhaus die Schlussfolgerungen von Sonderermittler Robert Mueller berücksichtigen.	At least the House is likely to have the conclusions of Special Counsel Robert Mueller to consider.	At the very least, the House of Representatives is likely to consider Special Counsel Robert Mueller's conclusions.	At least the House of Representatives will probably take into account the conclusions of Special Counsel Robert Mueller.	At least the House is likely to have the conclusions of Special Counsel Jack Mueller to consider.	At the very least, the House of Representatives is likely to consider Special Counsel Kenneth Mueller's conclusions.
13552	Handelsminister Don Evans ist ebenfalls Vorstandsvorsitzender einer Ölgesellschaft.	Commerce Secretary Don Evans is also an oil-company CEO.	Secretary of Commerce Don Evans is also the CEO of an oil company.	Minister of Commerce Don Evans is also CEO of an oil company.	Commerce Secretary Don Jeffrey is also an oil-company CEO.	Secretary of Commerce Don Lucas is also the CEO of an oil company.
13557	Bevor er ins Pentagon kam, war auch Donald Rumsfeld ein Key-Player im Geschäft.	Before joining the Pentagon, Donald Rumsfeld was a key player as well.	Before he came to the Pentagon, Donald Rumsfeld was also a key player in the business.	Before he entered the Pentagon, Donald Rumsfeld was also an important player in the business.	Before joining the Pentagon, Benjamin Rumsfeld was a key player as well.	Before he came to the Pentagon, Nathan Rumsfeld was also a key player in the business.
13635	Da Vizepräsident Joe Biden wohl kaum antreten wird, findet das Rennen ohne einen Amtsinhaber statt.	With US President Barack Obama's eight years in office coming to an end, and Vice President Joe Biden unlikely to run, the race will be without an incumbent.	With Vice President Joe Biden unlikely to run, the race is going on without an incumbent.	Since Vice President Joe Biden is unlikely to run, the race runs without an official.	With US President Barack Obama's eight years in office coming to an end, and Vice President Bradley Biden unlikely to run, the race will be without an incumbent.	With Vice President Jesse Biden unlikely to run, the race is going on without an incumbent.
13744	Kim könnte argumentieren, man könne dem US-Präsidenten mit einem feindseligen Kongress im Nacken nicht länger trauen.	The US president, Kim could argue, can no longer be trusted with a hostile Congress at his back.	Kim could argue that the US President can no longer be trusted with a hostile Congress breathing down his neck.	Kim might argue that the US president can no longer be trusted with a hostile congress that inhales his neck.	The US president, Maria could argue, can no longer be trusted with a hostile Congress at his back.	Ava could argue that the US President can no longer be trusted with a hostile Congress breathing down his neck.
13843	Der ehemalige Präsident George W. Bush erklärte den Terrorismus einmal als Ausdruck des Hasses gegen die amerikanische Freiheit.	Former President George W. Bush once explained terrorism as the expression of hatred for American freedom.	Former President George W. Bush once explained terrorism as an expression of hatred of American freedom.	Former President George W. Bush once declared terrorism an expression of hatred for American freedom.	Former President Michael W. Bush once explained terrorism as the expression of hatred for American freedom.	Former President Michael W. Bush once explained terrorism as an expression of hatred of American freedom.
13878	So lange Uncle Sam weiterhin Weltpolizist bleibt, werden seine Kinder nicht erwachsen werden.	As long as Uncle Sam continues to police the world, his children won’t grow up.	As long as Uncle Sam remains world policeman, his children will not grow up.	As long as Uncle Sam remains a world police officer, his children will not grow up.	As long as Uncle Cameron continues to police the world, his children won’t grow up.	As long as Uncle Joshua remains world policeman, his children will not grow up.
14182	Noch nicht einmal der Tod Osama bin Ladens, herbeigeführt durch US-Spezialeinheiten, sagt etwas über die Macht der USA aus.	Even the recent death of Osama bin Laden at the hands of United States special forces does not indicate anything about American power one way or the other.	Not even the death of Osama bin Laden, caused by US special forces, says anything about US power.	Not even the death of Osama bin Laden, caused by US special forces, says something about the US power.	Even the recent death of Jason bin Laden at the hands of United States special forces does not indicate anything about American power one way or the other.	Not even the death of Ryan bin Laden, caused by US special forces, says anything about US power.
14265	In Kanada behauptet der Führer der oppositionellen Liberalen, Michael Ignatieff, dass die Macht der USA ihren Zenit überschritten hat.	The leader of Canada’s opposition Liberal Party, Michael Ignatieff, suggests that US power has passed its mid-day.	In Canada, opposition Liberal leader Michael Ignatiev claims that US power has passed its peak.	In Canada, liberal opposition leader Michael Ignatiev claims that the US power has exceeded its peak.	The leader of Canada’s opposition Liberal Party, Joshua Ignatieff, suggests that US power has passed its mid-day.	In Canada, opposition Liberal leader Patrick Ignatiev claims that US power has passed its peak.
14314	Bush hatte eine Kopie von Churchills Büste, die ihm Tony Blair als Leihgabe überlassen hatte, im Oval Office.	Bush had a copy of Churchill’s bust, lent to him by Tony Blair, in the Oval Office.	Bush had a copy of Churchill's bust in the Oval Office, loaned to him by Tony Blair.	Bush had a copy of Churchill's bust in the Oval Office, which was borrowed from him by Tony Blair.	Bush had a copy of Churchill’s bust, lent to him by Tony Amanda, in the Oval Office.	Bush had a copy of Churchill's bust in the Oval Office, loaned to him by Connor Blair.
14368	Diese Reise wurde laut Graham von US-Vizepräsident Mike Pence uneingeschränkt unterstützt.	According to Graham, his trip was fully endorsed by US Vice President Mike Pence.	According to Graham, this trip had the full support of US Vice President Mike Pence.	According to Graham, this trip had the full support of US Vice President Mike Pence.	According to Graham, his trip was fully endorsed by US Vice President Luis Pence.	According to Graham, this trip had the full support of US Vice President Gabriel Pence.
14471	Donald Trump hat sich auf weitaus ungehobeltere und streitlustigere Weise ein Beispiel an Reagan genommen.	In a far coarser and more belligerent way, Donald Trump has followed Reagan’s example.	Donald Trump has emulated Reagan in a far more blunt and argumentative way.	Donald Trump imitated Reagan much more bluntly and argumentatively.	In a far coarser and more belligerent way, Michael Trump has followed Reagan’s example.	Donald Trump has emulated Riley in a far more blunt and argumentative way.
14517	CAMBRIDGE – Die Administration unter US-Präsident Donald Trump zeigt wenig Interesse an öffentlicher Diplomatie.	CAMBRIDGE – US President Donald Trump’s administration has shown little interest in public diplomacy.	CAMBRIDGE – The administration under US President Donald Trump shows little interest in public diplomacy.	CAMBRIDGE – The government under US President Donald Trump shows little interest in public diplomacy.	CAMBRIDGE – US President Aaron Trump’s administration has shown little interest in public diplomacy.	CAMBRIDGE – The administration under US President Gabriel Trump shows little interest in public diplomacy.
14566	Das Problem ist, dass viele dieser erbärmlichen Wähler zugleich relativ ungebildet sind, was Clintons Bemerkung snobistisch aussehen ließ.	The problem is that many of these deplorable voters are also relatively uneducated, which makes Clinton’s remark look snobbish.	The problem is that many of these pathetic voters are also relatively uneducated, which made Clinton's remark seem snobbish.	The problem is that many of these wretched voters are also relatively uneducated, which made Clinton's remark seem snobistic.	The problem is that many of these deplorable voters are also relatively uneducated, which makes John’s remark look snobbish.	The problem is that many of these pathetic voters are also relatively uneducated, which made Daniel's remark seem snobbish.
14667	Präsident Donald Trump ist eine geografische Anomalie: ein pro Süden eingestellter Rassist aus dem liberalen New York.	President Donald Trump is a geographical anomaly, a pro-southern racist from liberal New York.	President Donald Trump is a geographic anomaly: a pro-Southern racist from liberal New York.	President Donald Trump is a geographical anomaly: a pro-southern racist from liberal New York.	President Logan Trump is a geographical anomaly, a pro-southern racist from liberal New York.	President Ian Trump is a geographic anomaly: a pro-Southern racist from liberal New York.
14672	Mitch McConnell aus dem ehemaligen Sklavenstaat Kentucky orchestrierte erfolgreich Kavanaughs Bestätigung.	Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, a former slave state, successfully orchestrated Kavanaugh’s confirmation.	Mitch McConnell from the former slave state of Kentucky successfully orchestrated Kavanaugh's confirmation.	Mitch McConnell from the former slave state of Kentucky successfully ordered Kavanaugh's confirmation.	Ethan McConnell of Kentucky, a former slave state, successfully orchestrated Kavanaugh’s confirmation.	Brandon McConnell from the former slave state of Kentucky successfully orchestrated Kavanaugh's confirmation.
14674	John Kennedy aus Louisiana, einem anderen konföderierten Staat, bezeichnete die Anhörungen als „intergalaktische Freakshow“.	John Kennedy of Louisiana, another former Confederate state, called the hearings “an intergalactic freak show.”	John Kennedy of Louisiana, another Confederate state, called the hearings an "intergalactic freak show."	John Kennedy of Louisiana, another Confederate state, called the hearings an "intergalactic freak show."	Luke Kennedy of Louisiana, another former Confederate state, called the hearings “an intergalactic freak show.”	John Savannah of Louisiana, another Confederate state, called the hearings an "intergalactic freak show."
14715	Bernie Sanders fordert eine revolutionäre politische Graswurzelbewegung, um in den USA eine Sozialdemokratie zu errichten.	Bernie Sanders has called for a grassroots political revolution to create a social democracy in the US.	Bernie Sanders calls for a grassroots revolutionary political movement to establish social democracy in the United States.	Bernie Sanders calls for a revolutionary political grassroots movement to establish social democracy in the United States.	Sean Sanders has called for a grassroots political revolution to create a social democracy in the US.	Brandon Sanders calls for a grassroots revolutionary political movement to establish social democracy in the United States.
15308	Vizepräsident Joe Biden hat sogar gemeint, dass es bei der Sozialversicherung „keine Änderungen“ geben soll.	Vice President Joe Biden has even said that “no changes” to Social Security are to be made.	Vice President Joe Biden has even said that there should be "no changes" to Social Security.	Vice-President Joe Biden even said that there should be no "changes" to social security.	Vice President Jack Biden has even said that “no changes” to Social Security are to be made.	Vice President Peter Biden has even said that there should be "no changes" to Social Security.
15379	Sie ist „long and variable lags“ unterworfen, wie Milton Friedman es nannte: langen Zeitverzögerungen, die starken Schwankungen unterliegen.	It is subject to what Milton Friedman called “long and variable lags.”	It is subject to what Milton Friedman called “long and variable lags”: long time delays that are subject to strong fluctuations.	It is subject to what Milton Friedman called "Long" and "Variable Lags": long delays that are subject to strong fluctuations.	It is subject to what Samuel Friedman called “long and variable lags.”	It is subject to what Mark Friedman called “long and variable lags”: long time delays that are subject to strong fluctuations.
15422	Dann unterstützten die USA Saddam Hussein bei seinem Angriff auf den Iran, bis die USA am Ende Saddam selbst angriffen.	The US then backed Saddam Hussein in his attack on Iran, until the US ended up attacking Saddam himself.	Then the US supported Saddam Hussein in his attack on Iran until the US finally attacked Saddam himself.	Then the U.S. supported Saddam Hussein in his attack on Iran until the U.S. finally attacked Saddam himself.	The US then backed Saddam Adrian in his attack on Iran, until the US ended up attacking Saddam himself.	Then the US supported Saddam Joseph in his attack on Iran until the US finally attacked Saddam himself.
15423	Die USA unterstützten Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan gegen die Sowjets, bis die USA am Ende bin Laden bekämpften.	The US backed Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan against the Soviets, until the US ended up fighting bin Laden.	The US supported Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan against the Soviets until the US ended up fighting bin Laden.	The U.S. supported Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan against the Soviets until the U.S. finally fought against Bin Laden.	The US backed Edward bin Laden in Afghanistan against the Soviets, until the US ended up fighting bin Laden.	The US supported Caleb bin Laden in Afghanistan against the Soviets until the US ended up fighting bin Laden.
15452	Laut Justin Lahart vom Wall Street Journal lag der Anteil des Sektors 2010 noch über dem des bisherigen Spitzenjahrs 2006.	The Wall Street Journal’s Justin Lahart reports that the 2010 share was higher than the previous peak share in 2006.	According to Justin Lahart of the Wall Street Journal, the sector's share in 2010 was even higher than in the previous peak year of 2006.	According to Justin Lahart of the Wall Street Journal, the industry's share in 2010 was even higher than in the previous year.	The Wall Street Journal’s Caleb Lahart reports that the 2010 share was higher than the previous peak share in 2006.	According to Hunter Lahart of the Wall Street Journal, the sector's share in 2010 was even higher than in the previous peak year of 2006.
15500	Die Regierung, das sagte bereits Ronald Reagan, ist das Problem, nicht die Lösung.	Government, as Ronald Reagan told us, is the problem, not the solution.	Government, as Ronald Reagan said, is the problem, not the solution.	The government, as Ronald Reagan said, is the problem, not the solution.	Government, as Noah Reagan told us, is the problem, not the solution.	Government, as Ronald Jamie said, is the problem, not the solution.
15628	Tatsächlich intensiviert sich die Kooperation zwischen der Regierung von Ministerpräsident Nuri al-Maliki und dem Iran.	Indeed, Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki’s government is becoming increasingly allied with Iran.	In fact, cooperation between the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and Iran is intensifying.	Indeed, cooperation between Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki's government and Iran is intensifying.	Indeed, Prime Minister Nouri al-Kevin’s government is becoming increasingly allied with Iran.	In fact, cooperation between the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Bryan and Iran is intensifying.
15646	Nach dem Vietnamkrieg hatte Jimmy Carter gehofft, neue Wege in der amerikanischen Politik zu beschreiten.	After the Vietnam War, Jimmy Carter hoped to make a break with established US policy.	After the Vietnam War, Jimmy Carter had hoped to break new ground in American politics.	After the Vietnam War, Jimmy Carter had hoped to break new ground in American politics.	After the Vietnam War, Jimmy Stephen hoped to make a break with established US policy.	After the Vietnam War, Patrick Carter had hoped to break new ground in American politics.
15651	Sicherlich ist Obama mit einem komplexeren diplomatischen und strategischen Umfeld konfrontiert als Nixon in den 1970er-Jahren.	To be sure, Obama faces a more complex diplomatic and strategic environment than Nixon faced in the 1970’s.	Certainly, Obama faces a more complex diplomatic and strategic environment than Nixon did in the 1970s.	Certainly Obama faces a more complex diplomatic and strategic environment than Nixon did in the 1970s.	To be sure, Obama faces a more complex diplomatic and strategic environment than Nathaniel faced in the 1970’s.	Certainly, Obama faces a more complex diplomatic and strategic environment than Evan did in the 1970s.
15802	Und da die der Jones-Richtlinie entsprechenden Schiffe so teuer sind, werden sie von ihren Eigentümern nicht ausgetauscht.	And because Jones-compliant ships are so expensive, their owners do not replace them.	And because Jones-compliant ships are so expensive, their owners don't trade them.	And because Jones-compliant ships are so expensive, their owners don't exchange them.	And because Noah-compliant ships are so expensive, their owners do not replace them.	And because Edward-compliant ships are so expensive, their owners don't trade them.
15998	In Teilen Südjemens fungiert ein Al-Qaeda-Vertrauter, Ansar al-Sharia, als faktische Regierung.	In parts of southern Yemen, an Al Qaeda affiliate, Ansar al-Sharia, functions as a de facto government.	In parts of southern Yemen, an al-Qaeda affiliate, Ansar al-Sharia, acts as the de facto government.	In parts of the South Yemen, an al-Qaeda member, Ansar al-Sharia, acts as a de facto government.	In parts of southern Yemen, an Al Qaeda affiliate, Ansar al-Sara, functions as a de facto government.	In parts of southern Yemen, an al-Qaeda affiliate, Ansar al-Emma, acts as the de facto government.
16012	Vor diesem Hintergrund sollte sich Obama die 1991 von General Colin Powell vorgeschlagene Doktrin zu Herzen nehmen.	Against this background, Obama should heed the doctrine proposed in 1991 by General Colin Powell.	Against this background, Obama should take to heart the doctrine proposed by General Colin Powell in 1991.	Against this background, Obama should take to heart the doctrine proposed by General Colin Powell in 1991.	Against this background, Obama should heed the doctrine proposed in 1991 by General Kenneth Powell.	Against this background, Obama should take to heart the doctrine proposed by General Daniel Powell in 1991.
16017	BRÜSSEL – Stell dir vor es ist Krieg und keiner geht hin.“, schrieb 1936 hoffnungsvoll der amerikanische Dichter Carl Sandburg.	BRUSSELS – “Sometime they’ll give a war and nobody will come,” the American poet Carl Sandburg wrote hopefully in 1936.	BRUSSELS – Imagine there is a war and nobody goes there,” wrote the hopeful American poet Carl Sandburg in 1936.	BRUSSELS – Imagine there is a war and no one goes there," wrote hopeful American poet Carl Sandburg in 1936.	BRUSSELS – “Sometime they’ll give a war and nobody will come,” the American poet Joshua Sandburg wrote hopefully in 1936.	BRUSSELS – Imagine there is a war and nobody goes there,” wrote the hopeful American poet Liam Sandburg in 1936.
16196	Es handelte sich um die erste Antrittsrede dieser Art, seit sich Amerika unter Reagan im Jahr 1981 vom Staat abwandte.	It was the first inaugural address of its kind since Reagan turned America away from government in 1981.	It was the first inaugural speech of its kind since Reagan's America turned away from the state in 1981.	It was the first such inaugural speech since Reagan's America turned away from the state in 1981.	It was the first inaugural address of its kind since Samantha turned America away from government in 1981.	It was the first inaugural speech of its kind since Chloe's America turned away from the state in 1981.
16200	Dann kamen die Große Depression, Franklin Roosevelts New Deal und von 1930 bis 1960 weitere 30 Jahre progressiver Politik.	Then came the Great Depression, Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal, and another 30 years of progressive politics, from the 1930’s to the 1960’s.	Then came the Great Depression, Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal, and another 30 years of progressive politics from 1930 to 1960.	Then came the Great Depression, Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal, and another 30 years of progressive politics from 1930 to 1960.	Then came the Great Depression, Franklin Ryan’s New Deal, and another 30 years of progressive politics, from the 1930’s to the 1960’s.	Then came the Great Depression, Franklin William's New Deal, and another 30 years of progressive politics from 1930 to 1960.
16419	1896 war der zukünftige Präsident Theodore Roosevelt ein angriffslustiger Republikaner.	In 1896, future President Theodore Roosevelt was a Republican attack dog.	In 1896, future President Theodore Roosevelt was an aggressive Republican.	In 1896, the future president Theodore Roosevelt was an aggressive Republican.	In 1896, future President Theodore Bryan was a Republican attack dog.	In 1896, future President Theodore Nathan was an aggressive Republican.
16427	Aber wahrscheinlich werden weder Perry noch Kobach US-Präsident werden, während Theodore Roosevelt mehr als ein Partisan war.	But neither Perry nor Kobach is likely ever to be a US president, whereas Theodore Roosevelt was more than a partisan.	But neither Perry nor Kobach will likely become US President while Theodore Roosevelt was more than a partisan.	But neither Perry nor Kobach will probably become U.S. President, while Theodore Roosevelt was more than a partisan.	But neither Perry nor Kobach is likely ever to be a US president, whereas Theodore Bradley was more than a partisan.	But neither Perry nor Kobach will likely become US President while Hunter Roosevelt was more than a partisan.
16620	Seine höchsten Beamten scheiden aus, um bei einer Bank weiterzuarbeiten, wie kürzlich sein oberster Haushaltsplaner Peter Orszag.	His top officials leave to join the banks, as his budget director Peter Orszag recently did.	Its top officials are leaving to continue working at a bank, as recently did its chief budget planner, Peter Orszag.	His top officials left to continue working in a bank, as recently as his chief budgeter, Peter Orszag.	His top officials leave to join the banks, as his budget director Jayden Orszag recently did.	Its top officials are leaving to continue working at a bank, as recently did its chief budget planner, Tyler Orszag.
16661	Es war, um es mit den Worten von Samuel Johnson zu sagen, ein Triumph der Hoffnung über die Erfahrung.	Our support was, in the words of Samuel Johnson, a triumph of hope over experience.	It was, in the words of Samuel Johnson, a triumph of hope over experience.	It was, in Samuel Johnson's words, a triumph of hope over experience.	Our support was, in the words of Peter Johnson, a triumph of hope over experience.	It was, in the words of Samuel Jesse, a triumph of hope over experience.
16949	Doch jemand, der damals, als Franklin D. Roosevelt gewählt wurde, zehn Jahr alter war, ist heute achtzig.	But somebody ten years old when Franklin Roosevelt was elected is now eighty.	But someone who was ten years old when Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected is eighty today.	But someone who was ten years old when Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected is now eighty.	But somebody ten years old when Franklin Anthony was elected is now eighty.	But someone who was ten years old when Franklin D. Cameron was elected is eighty today.
17111	Man könnte sich kaum vorstellen, dass Franklin Roosevelt oder Ronald Reagan eine ähnlich relative Position akzeptiert hätten.	It would be hard to imagine Franklin Roosevelt or Ronald Reagan accepting a similar relative position.	It is hard to imagine that Franklin Roosevelt or Ronald Reagan would have accepted a similarly relative position.	It is hard to imagine that Franklin Roosevelt or Ronald Reagan would have assumed a similar relative position.	It would be hard to imagine Franklin Evan or Ronald Reagan accepting a similar relative position.	It is hard to imagine that Franklin Roosevelt or Jackson Reagan would have accepted a similarly relative position.
17304	Verschiedene von George W. Bush initiierte Steuersenkungen sollten Ende des Jahres 2010 auslaufen.	Various tax cuts initiated by George W. Bush were set to expire at the end of 2010.	Various tax cuts initiated by George W. Bush were due to expire at the end of 2010.	Various tax cuts initiated by George W. Bush were due to expire at the end of 2010.	Various tax cuts initiated by James W. Bush were set to expire at the end of 2010.	Various tax cuts initiated by Travis W. Bush were due to expire at the end of 2010.
17498	Der Fall von Khaled el-Masri, einem deutschen Staatsbürger libanesischer Abstammung, scheint ein weiterer dieser Fehler zu sein.	The case of Khaled el-Masri, a German citizen of Lebanese descent, appears to be another of these errors.	The case of Khaled el-Masri, a German citizen of Lebanese descent, appears to be another such error.	The case of Khaled el-Masri, a German citizen of Lebanese descent, seems to be another such mistake.	The case of Mason el-Masri, a German citizen of Lebanese descent, appears to be another of these errors.	The case of Matthew el-Masri, a German citizen of Lebanese descent, appears to be another such error.
17753	Wie John Connally, vor 30 Jahren Nixons Finanzminister, einmal sagte: „Der Dollar ist unser Geld und ihr Problem.“	As John Connally, President Nixon’s Treasury Secretary of 30 years ago, said: “the dollar is our money and their problem.”	As John Connally, Nixon's Treasury Secretary, once said 30 years ago, "The dollar is our money and their problem."	As John Connally, Nixon's finance minister, once said 30 years ago, "The dollar is our money and its problem."	As John Connally, President Alexander’s Treasury Secretary of 30 years ago, said: “the dollar is our money and their problem.”	As David Connally, Nixon's Treasury Secretary, once said 30 years ago, "The dollar is our money and their problem."
17786	Wie es momentan aussieht gibt es keine Möglichkeit Saddam Hussein den Prozess zu machen.	As matters currently stand, there is no mechanism for bringing Saddam Hussein to trial.	As it stands at the moment there is no way to put Saddam Hussein on trial.	As it stands at the moment, there is no way to bring Saddam Hussein to justice.	As matters currently stand, there is no mechanism for bringing Saddam Mark to trial.	As it stands at the moment there is no way to put Saddam Nathan on trial.
17878	Die meisten heutigen Diskussionen über Wachstumsmodelle gehen auf die Arbeiten des Nobelpreisträgers Robert Solow zurück.	Most discussion of growth models nowadays is based on work by the Nobel laureate Robert Solow.	Most of today's discussion of growth models goes back to the work of Nobel laureate Robert Solow.	The majority of today's discussion on growth models goes back to the work of Nobel laureate Robert Solow.	Most discussion of growth models nowadays is based on work by the Nobel laureate Jason Solow.	Most of today's discussion of growth models goes back to the work of Nobel laureate Gabriel Solow.
18023	Die sechs Jahre seit Wladimir Putins Erscheinen im Kreml waren eine Zeit zutiefst widersprüchlicher Signale.	The six year period since Vladimir Putin arrived in the Kremlin has been a time of deeply conflicting signals.	The six years since Vladimir Putin's appearance in the Kremlin have been a time of deeply contradictory signals.	The six years since Vladimir Putin's appearance in the Kremlin were a time of profoundly contradictory signals.	The six year period since Benjamin Putin arrived in the Kremlin has been a time of deeply conflicting signals.	The six years since Sean Putin's appearance in the Kremlin have been a time of deeply contradictory signals.
18035	Es ist höchste Zeit, dass die Welt Wladimir Putin als das erkennt, was er ist: ein Mann der Russland wieder in die Dunkelheit führt.	It is past time for the world to recognize Vladimir Putin for what he is: a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows.	It is high time the world recognized Vladimir Putin for what he is: a man leading Russia back into darkness.	It is high time the world recognized Vladimir Putin for what he is: a man who leads Russia back into darkness.	It is past time for the world to recognize Brandon Putin for what he is: a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows.	It is high time the world recognized Travis Putin for what he is: a man leading Russia back into darkness.
18040	Präsident George W. Bushs irakischer Patient hat jetzt offenbar diesen Punkt erreicht.	President George W. Bush’s Iraqi patient now seems to have reached that point.	President George W. Bush's Iraqi patient seems to have reached that point now.	President George W. Bush's Iraqi patient seems to have reached this point now.	President Ethan W. Bush’s Iraqi patient now seems to have reached that point.	President Luke W. Bush's Iraqi patient seems to have reached that point now.
18051	Al-Sadr gilt als Beschützer der Schiiten im Irak und verfügt über schätzungsweise 60.000 Kämpfer in seiner Miliz.	Al-Sadr is seen as the protector of the Shi’a of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia.	Al-Sadr is considered the protector of the Shiites in Iraq and has an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia.	Al-Sadr is considered the protector of the Shiites in Iraq and has an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia.	Brian-Sadr is seen as the protector of the Shi’a of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia.	Anthony-Sadr is considered the protector of the Shiites in Iraq and has an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia.
18054	Doch man darf sich nicht täuschen: Wie al-Sadr gehandhabt wird, ist der große Test für Bushs neue Strategie.	But make no mistake: how al-Sadr is handled is the big test of Bush’s new strategy.	But make no mistake: How al-Sadr is handled is the great test of Bush's new strategy.	But don't make a mistake: how to deal with al-Sadr is the big test for Bush's new strategy.	But make no mistake: how Jeffrey-Sadr is handled is the big test of Bush’s new strategy.	But make no mistake: How Thomas-Sadr is handled is the great test of Bush's new strategy.
18203	Sowohl Henry Kissinger als auch Robert McNamara gaben beim Abschied aus ihrem Amt zu, dass de Gaulles Behauptung korrekt war.	Both Henry Kissinger and Robert McNamara left office admitting that de Gaulle had been correct.	Both Henry Kissinger and Robert McNamara admitted upon leaving office that de Gaulle's claim was correct.	Both Henry Kissinger and Robert McNamara admitted that de Gaulle's claim was correct after leaving office.	Both Austin Kissinger and Robert McNamara left office admitting that de Gaulle had been correct.	Both Jose Kissinger and Robert McNamara admitted upon leaving office that de Gaulle's claim was correct.
18944	Laut Menschen wie John McCain liegt die Ursache in der Gier und Korruption an der Wall Street.	The fundamental cause, according to the likes of John McCain, was greed and corruption on Wall Street.	According to people like John McCain, the cause lies in greed and corruption on Wall Street.	According to people like John McCain, the cause is greed and corruption on Wall Street.	The fundamental cause, according to the likes of Ryan McCain, was greed and corruption on Wall Street.	According to people like Gabriel McCain, the cause lies in greed and corruption on Wall Street.
19096	Vielleicht warten sie aber auch auf die erste äußere Erschütterung, um Chavez’ Ballon platzen zu lassen, bevor sie sich auf ihn stürzen.	But they may also be waiting for the first external shock to puncture the Chavez balloon before they pounce.	Or maybe they're waiting for the first external shock to pop Chavez's balloon before pouncing on him.	Or maybe they're waiting for the first outer shock to pop Chavez's balloon before they pouncing on him.	But they may also be waiting for the first external shock to puncture the Nathan balloon before they pounce.	Or maybe they're waiting for the first external shock to pop Elijah's balloon before pouncing on him.
19097	Diese beiden Versionen der Jahre unter Chavez sind gleichermaßen – zu einem gewissen Grad – durch Nostalgie verzerrt.	These two versions of the Chavez years are both distorted -- to a certain degree -- by nostalgia.	Both versions of the Chavez years are equally skewed - to some degree - by nostalgia.	Both versions of the Chavez years are - to some extent - equally distorted by nostalgia.	These two versions of the William years are both distorted -- to a certain degree -- by nostalgia.	Both versions of the Ian years are equally skewed - to some degree - by nostalgia.
19149	London – In diesem Monat jährt sich die Machtübernahme Margaret Thatchers zum dreißigsten Mal.	London – Thirty years ago this month, Margaret Thatcher came to power.	London – This month marks the thirtieth anniversary of Margaret Thatcher's coming to power.	London – This month Margaret Thatcher's thirtieth anniversary came to power.	London – Thirty years ago this month, Margaret Gabriel came to power.	London – This month marks the thirtieth anniversary of Margaret Dustin's coming to power.
19163	Aber in den 70er Jahren, vor Thatcher, befand sich die Politik der Wirtschaft in der Krise.	Nevertheless, by the 1970’s the pre-Thatcher political economy was in crisis.	But in the 1970s, before Thatcher, economic politics was in crisis.	But in the 1970s, before Thatcher, economic policy was in crisis.	Nevertheless, by the 1970’s the pre-Andrew political economy was in crisis.	But in the 1970s, before Justin, economic politics was in crisis.
19165	Das System der Wirtschaftssteuerung nach John Maynard Keynes war in eine Schieflage geraten.	Something had gone wrong with the system of economic management bequeathed by John Maynard Keynes.	The system of economic control according to John Maynard Keynes had gotten into trouble.	The system of economic control after John Maynard Keynes had been in trouble.	Something had gone wrong with the system of economic management bequeathed by Timothy Maynard Keynes.	The system of economic control according to John Kevin Keynes had gotten into trouble.
19200	Es gibt nichts, was Wladimir Putin besser versteht als Macht: Wie man sie bekommt; wie man sie festigt.	More than anything else, Vladimir Putin understands power: how to get it; how to consolidate it.	There is nothing Vladimir Putin understands better than power: how to get it; how to strengthen them.	There is nothing that Vladimir Putin understands better than power: how to get it; how to strengthen it.	More than anything else, Timothy Putin understands power: how to get it; how to consolidate it.	There is nothing Richard Putin understands better than power: how to get it; how to strengthen them.
19417	Sie – und wir – sind sehr weit von der Welt entfernt, die Mubarak oder der große Gamal Abdel Nasser kannten und verstanden.	They – and we – are very far from the world that Mubarak, or the great Gamal Abdel Nasser, knew and understood.	They - and we - are very far removed from the world that Mubarak or the great Gamal Abdel Nasser knew and understood.	They - and we - are very far from the world that Mubarak or the great Gamal Abdel Nasser knew and understood.	They – and we – are very far from the world that Mubarak, or the great Gamal Abdel Nathaniel, knew and understood.	They - and we - are very far removed from the world that Mubarak or the great Gamal Carlos Nasser knew and understood.
19643	Diktatoren von Saddam Hussein bis Robert Mugabe wären stolz auf eine derartige Leistung.	Any dictator, from Saddam Hussein to Robert Mugabe, could take pride in this abuse of power.	Dictators from Saddam Hussein to Robert Mugabe would be proud of such an achievement.	Dictators from Saddam Hussein to Robert Mugabe would be proud of such an achievement.	Any dictator, from Saddam Travis to Robert Mugabe, could take pride in this abuse of power.	Dictators from Saddam Hussein to John Mugabe would be proud of such an achievement.
19647	Saad Eddin Ibrahim ist ein Liberaler und er ist auch ein überzeugter ägyptischer und arabischer Nationalist.	Saad Eddin Ibrahim is a liberal: he is also a staunch Egyptian and Arab nationalist.	Saad Eddin Ibrahim is a liberal and he is also a staunch Egyptian and Arab nationalist.	Saad Eddin Ibrahim is a liberal and also a convinced Egyptian and Arab nationalist.	Saad Eddin Andrew is a liberal: he is also a staunch Egyptian and Arab nationalist.	Bryan Eddin Ibrahim is a liberal and he is also a staunch Egyptian and Arab nationalist.
19658	Europa muss - raschest - eingreifen, um Ibrahims Verurteilung aufzuheben.	Europe must work--promptly--to overturn Ibrahim's conviction.	Europe must intervene - as soon as possible - to have Ibrahim's conviction overturned.	Europe must intervene as soon as possible to reverse Ibrahim's conviction.	Europe must work--promptly--to overturn Cody's conviction.	Europe must intervene - as soon as possible - to have Gabriel's conviction overturned.
19709	George W. Bushs verhängnisvoller Krieg gegen den Irak hat Europa in eine schwierige Lage gebracht.	George W. Bush’s disastrous war in Iraq has put Europe in a bind.	George W. Bush's disastrous war in Iraq has put Europe in a difficult position.	George W. Bush's disastrous war in Iraq has put Europe in a difficult position.	Derek W. Bush’s disastrous war in Iraq has put Europe in a bind.	Noah W. Bush's disastrous war in Iraq has put Europe in a difficult position.
19773	Im Oktober 2002 veröffentliche Science einen Leitartikel von David Michaels und einigen seiner Kollegen.	In October 2002, Science published an editorial by David Michaels and a group of colleagues.	In October 2002, Science published an editorial by David Michaels and some of his colleagues.	In October 2002, Science published an editorial by David Michaels and some of his colleagues.	In October 2002, Science published an editorial by Jayden Michaels and a group of colleagues.	In October 2002, Science published an editorial by Benjamin Michaels and some of his colleagues.
20137	Die Menschen unterstützten einen Präsidenten, Wladimir Putin, der sich dieser „Stabilisierungsagenda“ verschrieben hatte.	People supported a president, Vladimir Putin, who was devoted to this “stabilization” agenda.	The people supported a president, Vladimir Putin, who was committed to this “stabilization agenda”.	The people supported a president, Vladimir Putin, who committed himself to this stabilisation agenda.	People supported a president, Kyle Putin, who was devoted to this “stabilization” agenda.	The people supported a president, Christopher Putin, who was committed to this “stabilization agenda”.
20316	Die erste „Heilige Allianz“ war eine Schöpfung des Österreichers Fürst Metternich nach den napoleonischen Kriegen.	The first “Holy Alliance” was a creation of Austria’s Prince Metternich following the Napoleonic wars.	The first "Holy Alliance" was created by the Austrian Prince Metternich after the Napoleonic Wars.	The first "Holy Alliance" was created by the Austrian prince Metternich after the Napoleonic Wars.	The first “Holy Alliance” was a creation of Austria’s Nathan Metternich following the Napoleonic wars.	The first "Holy Alliance" was created by the Austrian Caleb Metternich after the Napoleonic Wars.
20327	Abdullah wollte das Treffen, weil er glaubt, dass das Weltgeschehen seit dem Jahre 2001 die Bruderschaft der Konservativen gespalten hat.	Abdullah sought the meeting because he believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives.	Abdullah wanted the meeting because he believes that world events since 2001 have divided the Conservative Brotherhood.	Abdullah wanted the meeting because he believes that the world events since 2001 have shared the Conservative Brotherhood.	Andrew sought the meeting because he believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives.	Aiden wanted the meeting because he believes that world events since 2001 have divided the Conservative Brotherhood.
20348	Die Verleihung des Friedensnobelpreises an die Vereinten Nationen und ihren Generalsekretär Kofi Annan gibt allseits Anlass zur Freude.	The award of the Nobel Prize for Peace to the United Nations and to its Secretary General, Kofi Annan, is a cause for true celebration everywhere.	The awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to the United Nations and its Secretary General Kofi Annan gives cause for celebration on all sides.	The award of the Nobel Peace Prize to the United Nations and its Secretary-General Kofi Annan is an occasion for celebration on all sides.	The award of the Nobel Prize for Peace to the United Nations and to its Secretary General, Elijah Annan, is a cause for true celebration everywhere.	The awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to the United Nations and its Secretary General Luke Annan gives cause for celebration on all sides.
20561	In Kuba stellt der endgültige Abschied Fidel Castros von der politischen Bühne eine immense Herausforderung dar.	In Cuba, Fidel Castro’s eventual passing from the scene represents an immense challenge.	In Cuba, Fidel Castro's final departure from the political scene poses an immense challenge.	In Cuba, Fidel Castro's last farewell to the political scene represents an immense challenge.	In Cuba, Christopher Castro’s eventual passing from the scene represents an immense challenge.	In Cuba, Robert Castro's final departure from the political scene poses an immense challenge.
20589	Das erste Konzept wird durch den ehemaligen Premierminister Vaclav Klaus repräsentiert, das zweite durch den Präsident Vaclav Havel.	The first concept is represented by former prime Minister Vaclav Klaus, the second by President Vaclav Havel.	The first concept is represented by former Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus, the second by President Vaclav Havel.	The first concept is represented by former Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus, the second by President Vaclav Havel.	The first concept is represented by former prime Minister Vaclav Alexander, the second by President Vaclav Havel.	The first concept is represented by former Prime Minister Vaclav Mark, the second by President Vaclav Havel.
20745	Ungefähr zur gleichen Zeit wird eine wichtige Afrika-Kommission einen Bericht an den britischen Premierminister Tony Blair übergeben.	Around the same time, an important commission on Africa will issue a report to United Kingdom Prime Minister Tony Blair.	Around the same time, a key Africa Commission is due to deliver a report to British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	At about the same time, an important Africa Commission will present a report to British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	Around the same time, an important commission on Africa will issue a report to United Kingdom Prime Minister Juan Blair.	Around the same time, a key Africa Commission is due to deliver a report to British Prime Minister Tony Cynthia.
20747	Blair hat versprochen, den Kampf gegen die Armut und den langfristigen Klimawandel zu den zwei Prioritäten auf diesem Gipfel zu machen.	Blair has promised that he will make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities of the summit.	Blair has promised to make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities at this summit.	Blair has promised to make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change two priorities at this summit.	Mia has promised that he will make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities of the summit.	Shannon has promised to make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities at this summit.
20797	LONDON – Man hat sie als Königin von Europa bezeichnet und, seit der Wahl von US-Präsident Donald Trump, als Führerin der freien Welt.	LONDON – She has been dubbed the Queen of Europe and, since US President Donald Trump’s election, the leader of the free world.	LONDON - She has been dubbed the Queen of Europe and, since the election of US President Donald Trump, the leader of the free world.	LONDON - It is called the Queen of Europe and since the election of US President Donald Trump, the leader of the free world.	LONDON – She has been dubbed the Queen of Europe and, since US President Lucas Trump’s election, the leader of the free world.	LONDON - She has been dubbed the Queen of Europe and, since the election of US President Connor Trump, the leader of the free world.
20870	Mit Charles Maurras’ Action Française und ihrem ausgedehnten Krieg gegen „jüdische und germanische Abstraktionen“ feierte sie Triumphe.	It triumphed with Charles Maurras’ Action Française and its protracted war with “Jewish and Germanic abstractions.”	She triumphed with Charles Maurras' Action Française and her extended war against "Jewish and Germanic abstractions".	She triumphed with Charles Maurras' action Française and her extensive war against "Jewish and Germanic abstractions".	It triumphed with Dustin Maurras’ Action Française and its protracted war with “Jewish and Germanic abstractions.”	She triumphed with Steven Maurras' Action Française and her extended war against "Jewish and Germanic abstractions".
20877	Es ist soweit: Deutschlands neuer – und erster weiblicher – Kanzler heißt Angela Merkel.	At long last, Angela Merkel is Germany’s new – and first woman – Chancellor.	The time has come: Germany's new – and first female – chancellor is called Angela Merkel.	The time has come: Germany's new – and first female – chancellor is Angela Merkel.	At long last, Anna Merkel is Germany’s new – and first woman – Chancellor.	The time has come: Germany's new – and first female – chancellor is called Brianna Merkel.
20924	Nach dem Schock der Terrorangriffe vom September 2001 entwickelte sein Sohn George W. Bush eine weitaus ehrgeizigere Vision.	After the shock of the September 2001 terrorist attacks, his son, George W. Bush, developed a far more ambitious vision.	After the shock of the September 2001 terrorist attacks, his son George W. Bush developed a far more ambitious vision.	After the shock of the September 2001 terrorist attacks, his son George W. Bush developed a much more ambitious vision.	After the shock of the September 2001 terrorist attacks, his son, Stephen W. Bush, developed a far more ambitious vision.	After the shock of the September 2001 terrorist attacks, his son Jordan W. Bush developed a far more ambitious vision.
20981	Doch die Erwartungen der Administration unter George W. Bush unterschieden sich gravierend von denen Putins.	But the expectations of George W. Bush’s administration were very different from Putin’s.	But the expectations of the administration under George W. Bush were very different from those of Putin.	But the expectations of the government under George W. Bush were quite different from those of Putin.	But the expectations of Michael W. Bush’s administration were very different from Putin’s.	But the expectations of the administration under Carlos W. Bush were very different from those of Putin.
21081	NEW YORK – Am 26. Mai ist Angelina Jolies Tante, Debbie Martin, im Alter von 61 Jahren an Brustkrebs gestorben.	NEW YORK – On May 26, Angelina Jolie’s aunt, Debbie Martin, died of breast cancer at 61.	NEW YORK – Angelina Jolie's aunt, Debbie Martin, died on May 26 at the age of 61 from breast cancer.	NEW YORK – Angelina Jolie's Aunt Debbie Martin died of breast cancer on May 26 at the age of 61.	NEW YORK – On May 26, Angelina Jolie’s aunt, Hailey Martin, died of breast cancer at 61.	NEW YORK – Angelina Jolie's aunt, Debbie Matthew, died on May 26 at the age of 61 from breast cancer.
21082	Jolies Mutter, Marcheline Bertrand, verstarb mit 56 Jahren an Eierstockkrebs.	Jolie’s mother, Marcheline Bertrand, died at 56 from a related illness, ovarian cancer.	Jolie's mother, Marcheline Bertrand, died of ovarian cancer at the age of 56.	Jolie's mother, Marcheline Bertrand, died of ovarian cancer at the age of 56.	Jolie’s mother, Marcheline Chad, died at 56 from a related illness, ovarian cancer.	Jolie's mother, Marcheline Shawn, died of ovarian cancer at the age of 56.
21087	Angelina Jolies Bekanntgabe hat auf dieses Problem aufmerksam gemacht.	Jolie’s announcement has thrown a spotlight on that issue.	Angelina Jolie's announcement drew attention to this issue.	Angelina Jolie's announcement drew attention to this question.	Melanie’s announcement has thrown a spotlight on that issue.	Jennifer Jolie's announcement drew attention to this issue.
21147	Dass Clinton über seine sexuellen Aktivitäten gelogen hat, ist offenkundig, und das war ein Fehler von ihm.	That Clinton did lie about his sexual activities is clear, and he was wrong to do so.	That Clinton lied about his sexual activity is evident, and that was a mistake on his part.	That Clinton lied about his sexual activity is obvious, and that was a mistake on his part.	That Derek did lie about his sexual activities is clear, and he was wrong to do so.	That Liam lied about his sexual activity is evident, and that was a mistake on his part.
21551	Nach Ansicht von Präsident Donald Trump ist die UNO bestenfalls nutzlos.	In President Donald Trump’s view, the UN is useless at best.	According to President Donald Trump, the UN is useless at best.	According to President Donald Trump, the UN is at best useless.	In President Brian Trump’s view, the UN is useless at best.	According to President Justin Trump, the UN is useless at best.
21673	Vor diesem Hintergrund hat US-Außenminister John Kerry mit seiner Klarstellung recht, dass die NATO keinerlei militärische Antwort erwägt.	Against this backdrop, US Secretary of State John Kerry is right to make clear that NATO is not contemplating a military response of any kind.	Against this background, US Secretary of State John Kerry is correct in his clarification that NATO is not considering any military response.	Against this background, US Secretary of State John Kerry is right in his clarification that NATO is not considering a military response.	Against this backdrop, US Secretary of State John Tiffany is right to make clear that NATO is not contemplating a military response of any kind.	Against this background, US Secretary of State John Chelsea is correct in his clarification that NATO is not considering any military response.
21747	Außenminister John Kerry hat klargestellt, dass der Iran zum gegenwärtigen Zeitpunkt als Mitglied nicht willkommen ist.	Secretary of State John Kerry has made it clear that for now Iran is not a welcome member.	Secretary of State John Kerry has made it clear that Iran is not welcome as a member at this stage.	Foreign Minister John Kerry has made it clear that Iran is not welcome as a member at this stage.	Secretary of State Jack Kerry has made it clear that for now Iran is not a welcome member.	Secretary of State Jeremy Kerry has made it clear that Iran is not welcome as a member at this stage.
22401	Und das ist genau das, was Österreichs konservative Partei unter der Führung Wolfgang Schüssels nicht machte.	This is exactly what the Austrian conservative People's Party under Wolfgang Schuessel did not do.	And that's exactly what Austria's conservative party, led by Wolfgang Schuessel, didn't do.	And that is exactly what Austria's conservative party, led by Wolfgang Schuessel, did not do.	This is exactly what the Austrian conservative People's Party under Connor Schuessel did not do.	And that's exactly what Austria's conservative party, led by Aaron Schuessel, didn't do.
23000	Der ehemalige italienische Ministerpräsident Silvio Berlusconi war, wie Zingales argumentiert, ein Meister dieses Fachs.	Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, Zingales argues, was masterful in this regard.	Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, Zingales argues, was a master of the craft.	The former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, Zingales argues, was a master of crafts.	Former Italian Prime Minister Gregory Berlusconi, Zingales argues, was masterful in this regard.	Former Italian Prime Minister Richard Berlusconi, Zingales argues, was a master of the craft.
23073	Darauf beharrt Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel zwar zu Recht, aber sie begibt sich damit auf einen falschen Kurs.	But, while Chancellor Angela Merkel is justified in insisting on this, it is driving her in the wrong direction.	Chancellor Angela Merkel is right to insist on this, but she is taking the wrong course.	Chancellor Angela Merkel is right to insist, but she is going the wrong way.	But, while Chancellor Lauren Merkel is justified in insisting on this, it is driving her in the wrong direction.	Chancellor Stephanie Merkel is right to insist on this, but she is taking the wrong course.
23298	George Soros fürchtet, dies könnte der Fall sein, und gibt der Eurozone in ihrer jetzigen Form lediglich eine Überlebenschance von 50 %.	George Soros fears this might be the case, and gives the eurozone only a 50% chance of survival in its present form.	George Soros fears this could be the case and gives the eurozone as it stands only a 50% chance of survival.	George Soros fears that this could be the case and gives the eurozone, in its present form, only a 50% chance of survival.	Ethan Soros fears this might be the case, and gives the eurozone only a 50% chance of survival in its present form.	Luis Soros fears this could be the case and gives the eurozone as it stands only a 50% chance of survival.
23332	US-Außenministerin Hillary Clinton repräsentierte dabei die Vereinigten Staaten.	Secretary of State Hillary Clinton represented the United States.	US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton represented the United States.	U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton represented the United States.	Secretary of State Hillary Cody represented the United States.	US Secretary of State Avery Clinton represented the United States.
23352	Insofern hat Clinton einen echten strategischen Dialog mit der Zivilgesellschaft eingeleitet.	As a result, Clinton has launched an actual strategic dialogue with civil society.	In this respect, Clinton has initiated a real strategic dialogue with civil society.	In this respect, Clinton has launched a genuine strategic dialogue with civil society.	As a result, Jack has launched an actual strategic dialogue with civil society.	In this respect, Caleb has initiated a real strategic dialogue with civil society.
23361	Nach ihrer Teilnahme an der „Friends of Syria“-Konferenz in Tunis lud Clinton zu einer Bürgerversammlung mit tunesischen Jugendlichen ein.	After participating in the Friends of Syria conference in Tunis, Clinton convened a town hall meeting with Tunisian youth.	After attending the Friends of Syria conference in Tunis, Clinton hosted a town hall meeting with Tunisian youth.	After visiting the Friends of Syria conference in Tunis, Clinton held a town hall meeting with Tunisian youth.	After participating in the Friends of Syria conference in Tunis, Austin convened a town hall meeting with Tunisian youth.	After attending the Friends of Syria conference in Tunis, Alex hosted a town hall meeting with Tunisian youth.
23364	Die Auswirkungen all dieser Maßnahmen, die Clinton als „Staatskunst im 21. Jahrhundert“ bezeichnet, sind profund.	The implications of all of this activity, which Clinton calls “twenty-first-century statecraft,” are profound.	The ramifications of all of these measures, which Clinton calls “21st century statesmanship,” are profound.	The ramifications of all these measures, which Clinton calls "statemanship" of the 21st century, are profound.	The implications of all of this activity, which Chad calls “twenty-first-century statecraft,” are profound.	The ramifications of all of these measures, which Isaiah calls “21st century statesmanship,” are profound.
23534	Verübt wird sie vom russischen Präsidenten Wladimir Putin in Unterstützung seines Protegés, des syrischen Präsidenten Bashar al-Assad.	It is being perpetrated by Russian President Vladimir Putin in support of his protégé, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.	It is perpetrated by Russian President Vladimir Putin in support of his protégé, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.	It is committed by Russian President Vladimir Putin in support of his protégé, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.	It is being perpetrated by Russian President Vladimir Putin in support of his protégé, Syrian President Bashar Cody-Assad.	It is perpetrated by Russian President Vladimir Putin in support of his protégé, Syrian President Bashar Stephen-Assad.
23716	Die Führungen der USA und Südkoreas waren jedoch nicht bereit, auf Kims Angebot einzugehen.	But US and South Korean leaders were not ready to accommodate Kim’s overture.	However, the US and South Korean leaders were unwilling to accept Kim's offer.	However, the US and South Koreans were not prepared to accept Kim's offer.	But US and South Korean leaders were not ready to accommodate Brittany’s overture.	However, the US and South Korean leaders were unwilling to accept Amber's offer.
23721	Ein paar Monate später machte der neu gewählte Präsident George W. Bush Clintons Nordkoreapolitik rückgängig.	A few months later, newly elected President George W. Bush reversed Clinton’s North Korea policy.	A few months later, newly elected President George W. Bush reversed Clinton's North Korea policy.	A few months later, newly elected President George W. Bush reversed Clinton's North Korea policy.	A few months later, newly elected President Austin W. Bush reversed Clinton’s North Korea policy.	A few months later, newly elected President Liam W. Bush reversed Clinton's North Korea policy.
23805	Ebenso erließ ein internationales Strafgericht 2003 einen Haftbefehl gegen den damaligen liberianischen Präsidenten Charles Taylor.	Similarly, in 2003, an international criminal tribunal indicted Liberia’s then president, Charles Taylor.	In 2003, an international criminal court issued an arrest warrant for the then Liberian President Charles Taylor.	In 2003, an international criminal court issued an arrest warrant for former Liberian President Charles Taylor.	Similarly, in 2003, an international criminal tribunal indicted Liberia’s then president, Charles Karen.	In 2003, an international criminal court issued an arrest warrant for the then Liberian President Charles Brooke.
23808	Selbstverständlich gehen der Ankläger und die Richter des IStGH selbst mit dem Strafbefehl gegen Baschir ein hohes Risiko ein.	Of course, the ICC’s prosecutor and judges are themselves taking a substantial risk in the indictment of Bashir.	Of course, the prosecutor and the judges of the ICC themselves are taking a high risk with the penalty order against Bashir.	Of course, the prosecutor and the judges of the ICC themselves take a high risk with the criminal order against Bashir.	Of course, the ICC’s prosecutor and judges are themselves taking a substantial risk in the indictment of Dustin.	Of course, the prosecutor and the judges of the ICC themselves are taking a high risk with the penalty order against Jordan.
23922	Ségolène Royal ist nicht mit dem Vater ihrer vier Kinder, François Hollande, verheiratet.	Ségolène Royal is not married to François Hollande, the father of her four children.	Ségolène Royal is not married to the father of her four children, François Hollande.	Ségolène Royal is not married to the father of her four children, François Hollande.	Ségolène Logan is not married to François Hollande, the father of her four children.	Ségolène Travis is not married to the father of her four children, François Hollande.
23955	MOSKAU: Vladimir Putin darf mehr feiern als seine Wahl als Präsident, die er sich selbst gestaltet.	MOSCOW: Vladimir Putin has more to celebrate than his election as Russia’s president in his own right.	MOSCOW: Vladimir Putin is allowed to celebrate more than his election as president, which he designs himself.	MOSCOW: Vladimir Putin is allowed to celebrate more than his election as president, which he himself designed.	MOSCOW: Luis Putin has more to celebrate than his election as Russia’s president in his own right.	MOSCOW: Sean Putin is allowed to celebrate more than his election as president, which he designs himself.
24152	Auch Libyens Staatschef Muammar Gaddafi könnte von seinem Sohn Seif el Islam beerbt werden.	Likewise, Libya’s Muammar Khaddafi may be succeeded by his son, Seif el Islam.	Libya's head of state Muammar Gaddafi could also be succeeded by his son Seif el Islam.	Libya's head of state Muammar Gaddafi could also be replaced by his son Seif el Islam.	Likewise, Libya’s Muammar Khaddafi may be succeeded by his son, Seif el Edward.	Libya's head of state Muammar Gaddafi could also be succeeded by his son Seif el Jayden.
24629	Die Geschichte ließ Jassir Arafat viel mehr Zeit als den meisten anderen Machthabern, seine Mission zu erfüllen.	History gave Yasir Arafat far more time than most leaders to achieve his mission.	History gave Yasser Arafat much more time than most other rulers to complete his mission.	History gave Yasser Arafat much more time than most other rulers to complete his mission.	History gave Jordan Arafat far more time than most leaders to achieve his mission.	History gave Aaron Arafat much more time than most other rulers to complete his mission.
24803	Die erste wird durch den Titel von Mohamed El-Erians neuestem Buch, The Only Game in Town, eingefangen.	The first is encapsulated in the title of Mohamed El-Erian’s latest book: The Only Game in Town.	The first is captured by the title of Mohamed El-Erian's latest book, The Only Game in Town.	The first game is captured by the title of Mohamed El-Erian's latest book, The Only Game in Town.	The first is encapsulated in the title of Richard El-Erian’s latest book: The Only Game in Town.	The first is captured by the title of Anthony El-Erian's latest book, The Only Game in Town.
