38	Wenn aber die realen Zinssätze signifikant ansteigen, wie dies eines Tages durchaus möglich ist, könnte der Goldkurs abstürzen.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as well they might someday, gold prices could plummet.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as they may someday, gold prices could plummet.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, and they could one day also, gold prices could fall.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as well we might someday, gold prices could plummet.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as we may someday, gold prices could plummet.
95	Auch Vietnamesen, Indonesier, Filipinos, Burmesen, Inder und Malaysier wollten ihre Freiheit.	Vietnamese, Indonesians, Filipinos, Burmese, Indians, and Malays wanted their freedom, too.	Vietnamese, Indonesians, Filipinos, Burmese, Indians and Malaysians also wanted their freedom.	Vietnamese, Indonesian, Filipino, Burmese, Indian and Malay also wanted their freedom.	Vietnamese, Indonesians, Filipinos, Burmese, Indians, and Malays wanted our freedom, too.	Vietnamese, Indonesians, Filipinos, Burmese, Indians and Malaysians also wanted our freedom.
197	Zudem sollten wir sicherstellen, dass wir die internationalen Institutionen mit den nötigen Ressourcen und Zuständigkeiten ausstatten.	Moreover, we should ensure that we provide international institutions with the needed resources and responsibilities.	We should also make sure that we give the international institutions the necessary resources and responsibilities.	In addition, we should ensure that we make the necessary resources and responsibilities available to the international institutions.	Moreover, they should ensure that they provide International institutions with the needed resources and responsibilities.	They should also make sure that they give the International institutions the necessary resources and responsibilities.
201	Sofern wir nicht bald Kurs wechseln, wird die Welt des Jahres 2118 jeden Grund haben, mit Verachtung auf uns herabzuschauen.	Unless we change course soon, the world of 2118 will have much reason to regard us with scorn.	Unless we change course soon, the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down on us with contempt.	If we do not change course soon, the world of 2118 will have a lot of reason to look at us with contempt.	Unless they change course soon, the world of 2118 will have much reason to regard them with scorn.	Unless they change course soon, the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down on them with contempt.
251	Sie waren Zeiten, in denen die „Kühnheit der Hoffnung“ hinter Verzweiflung, Enttäuschung und Falschheit verschwand.	They have been times when the audacity of hope is replaced with despair, disillusionment, and falsehood.	They were times when the "boldness of hope" gave way to despair, disappointment and falsehood.	They have been times when the boldness of hope is replaced by despair, disillusionment, and lies.	We have been times when the audacity of hope is replaced with despair, disillusionment, and falsehood.	We were times when the "boldness of hope "gave way to despair, disappointment and falsehood.
253	Die Erholung davon wird lang dauern, und nur wenige von uns werden das Privileg haben, die 2060er zu erleben.	It will take a long time to recover, and only some of us will have the privilege of witnessing the 2060s.	Recovery from this will be long and few of us will have the privilege of seeing the 2060s.	It will take a long time to recover, and only some of us will have the privilege of witnessing to the 2060s.	It will take a long time to recover, and only some of them will have the privilege of witnessing the 2060S.	Recovery from this will be long and few of them will have the privilege of seeing the 2060S.
281	(Mittlerweile geht es ihr wieder gut und sie hat auch gerade einen Mini-Marathon gewonnen).	(She is doing well now and, in fact, just won a mini-marathon.)	(She's fine now, and just won a mini-marathon, too).	(She's fine now, and in fact, she just won a mini marathon.)	(he is doing well now and, in fact, just won a Mini-Marathon.)	(he's fine now, and just won a Mini-Marathon, too).
315	Und sie müssen ihre Verpflichtung erneuern, die Verhandlungen 2015 erfolgreich zum Abschluss zu bringen.	And they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment to bringing the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015.	And they must revive their commitment to the successful conclusion of the 2015 talks.	And we must revive our commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015.	And we must renew our commitment to bringing the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015.
320	Die gute Nachricht ist, dass ihre Chancen durch die aktuellen Zwischenwahlen in den USA verbessert werden könnten.	The good news is that the recent midterm elections in the US might have improved their chances.	The good news is that the current US midterm elections could improve their chances.	The good news is that the recent interim elections in the US may have improved their chances.	The good news is that the recent Midterm elections in the us might have improved our chances.	The good news is that the current us Midterm elections could improve our chances.
385	Aber obwohl es klar war, dass dies politische Folgen nach sich ziehen würde, waren ihre Art und ihr Timing weniger offensichtlich.	But, if it seemed clear that there would be political consequences, their form and timing were far less obvious.	But while it was clear there would be political ramifications, their nature and timing were less obvious.	But if it seemed clear that there would be political consequences, their form and timing were far less obvious.	But, if it seemed clear that there would be political consequences, our form and timing were far less obvious.	But while it was clear there would be political ramifications, our nature and timing were less obvious.
388	Immerhin waren es die Republikaner, die den Verlierern der von ihnen eifrig vorangetriebenen Globalisierung ihre Unterstützung versagten.	After all, it was the Republicans who had blocked assistance to those losing their jobs as a result of the globalization they pushed assiduously.	After all, it was the Republicans who refused to support the losers in the globalization they were so eager to promote.	Finally, it was the Republicans who had blocked support for those who had lost their jobs due to globalisation, who were pushing them to do so.	After all, it was the Republicans who had blocked assistance to those losing our jobs as a result of the globalization we pushed assiduously.	After all, it was the Republicans who refused to support the losers in the globalization we were so eager to promote.
392	Und diese werden sie nun bekommen: Es wird nicht so weitergehen wie bisher.	Now they will get it: there will be no business as usual.	And they will get it now: things will not go on as before.	Now they will get it: there will be no more business as usual.	Now we will get it: there will be no business as usual.	And we will get it now: things will not go on as before.
405	Und es kann sein, dass die Chinesen die US-Versuche, ihnen Schaden zuzufügen, besser abwehren können, als die USA die chinesischen Versuche.	And the Chinese may be in a better position to respond to US attempts to inflict pain on them than the US is to respond to the pain that China might inflict on Americans.	And the Chinese may be better at repelling US attempts to harm them than the US is against Chinese attempts.	And the Chinese could be better able to respond to the US's attempts to inflict pain on them than the US's response to the pain China inflicts on the Americans.	And the Chinese may be in a better position to respond to us attempts to inflict pain on us than the us is to respond to the pain that China might inflict on Americans.	And the Chinese may be better at Repelling us attempts to harm us than the us is against Chinese attempts.
412	Vielleicht möchte Trump mit seiner Version wirtschaftlichen Voodoo-Zaubers die üblichen ökonomischen Gesetze außer Kraft setzen.	Trump might like to repeal the ordinary laws of economics, as he goes about his version of voodoo economics.	Perhaps Trump wants to override the usual laws of economics with his version of economic voodoo magic.	Trump could like to repeal the ordinary laws of economics as he goes about his version of the voodoo economy.	Trump might like to repeal the ordinary laws of Economics, as she goes about her version of voodoo economics.	Perhaps Trump wants to override the usual laws of Economics with her version of economic voodoo magic.
420	Die wachsende gegenseitige Abhängigkeit unserer Gesellschaften kompliziert die Situation noch weiter.	Complicating matters further is the growing interdependence of our societies.	The growing interdependence of our societies further complicates the situation.	The further complicity is the increasing interdependence of our societies.	Complicating matters further is the growing interdependence of their societies.	The growing interdependence of their societies further complicates the situation.
455	Mehr als jemals zuvor haben wir uns mit den an Fahrt aufnehmenden und voneinander abhängigen Treibern der Veränderung auseinanderzusetzen.	Now more than ever, we must grapple with the accelerating and interdependent drivers of change.	More than ever before, we are grappling with the accelerating and interdependent drivers of change.	Now more than ever, we have to deal with the accelerating and interdependent factors of change.	Now more than ever, they must grapple with the accelerating and interdependent drivers of change.	More than ever before, they are grappling with the accelerating and interdependent drivers of change.
459	Allgemeiner gesprochen müssen wir nun die Ärmel aufkrempeln, um die Globalisierung in den Griff zu bekommen.	More broadly, we all need to roll up our sleeves and get a handle on globalization.	More generally, we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalization under control.	In the broader sense, we must roll up all our sleeves and get globalisation under control.	More broadly, they all need to roll up their sleeves and get a handle on globalization.	More generally, they now need to roll up their sleeves to get globalization under control.
470	Doch die anhaltenden Veränderungen werden uns alle betreffen, ungeachtet dessen, ob wir uns an den Diskussionen beteiligen oder nicht.	But the changes underway will affect us all, regardless of whether we participate in the conversation.	But the ongoing changes will affect us all, whether or not we participate in the discussions.	But the ongoing changes will affect us all, regardless of whether we participate in the conversation.	But the changes underway will affect them all, regardless of whether they participate in the conversation.	But the ongoing changes will affect them all, whether or not they participate in the discussions.
471	Die einzig mögliche Vorgehensweise besteht also darin, unsere Kenntnisse zu erweitern und uns auf komplexe Ideen einzulassen.	The only way forward, then, is to improve our literacy and engage with complex ideas.	So the only possible course of action is to expand our knowledge and engage in complex ideas.	So the only way forward is to improve our literacy and deal with complex ideas.	The only way forward, then, is to improve their literacy and engage with complex ideas.	So the only possible course of action is to expand their knowledge and engage in complex ideas.
500	Sie hoffen, die Präsidentschaft mit der Unterstützung der Wechselwähler und der moderaten Konservativen zu gewinnen.	All will claim they can win the presidency with the support of undecided independents and moderate Republicans.	They hope to win the presidency with the support of swing voters and moderate conservatives.	Everyone will claim that they can win the presidency with the support of undecided independent and moderate Republicans.	All will claim we can win the Presidency with the support of undecided independents and moderate Republicans.	We hope to win the Presidency with the support of swing voters and moderate conservatives.
528	Aber dabei stehen ihnen aufgrund der Rückkehr von Nationalismus engem Stammesbewusstseins immer mehr neue Hindernisse im Weg.	But new barriers, born of a renascent nationalism and narrow tribalism, are increasingly standing in their way.	But as they do so, new obstacles continue to stand in their way due to the return of narrow tribal nationalism.	But new barriers that have arisen from a diminishing nationalism and narrow tribalism are increasingly in their way.	But new barriers, born of a Renascent nationalism and narrow Tribalism, are increasingly standing in our way.	But as we do so, new obstacles continue to stand in our way due to the return of narrow tribal nationalism.
532	Gleichzeitig dürfen wir die Hoffnung nicht aufgeben: Dies sind nicht nur gefährliche Zeiten, sondern auch unsichere.	At the same time, we must not abandon hope. These are not just dangerous times, but uncertain ones.	At the same time, we must not give up hope: These are not only dangerous times, but also uncertain ones.	At the same time, we must not give up hope; it is not just dangerous times, but uncertain.	At the same time, they must not abandon hope . These are not just dangerous times, but uncertain ones.	At the same time, they must not give up hope: these are not only dangerous times, but also uncertain ones.
535	Warum bringen alteingesessene Demokratien Wut, Zorn und politische Torheit hervor, mit denen sie ihre eigene Grundlage zerstören können?	Why are longstanding democracies breeding anger, rage, and political folly that may destroy their own foundations?	Why do long-established democracies breed anger, wrath and political folly with which to destroy their own foundation?	Why are long-standing democracies breeding anger, anger, and political folly that could destroy their own foundations?	Why are longstanding democracies breeding anger, rage, and political folly that may destroy our own foundations?	Why do long-established democracies breed anger, wrath and political folly with which to destroy our own foundation?
546	Aber dank der disruptiven Entwicklung von Globalisierung und Technologie war der Boden unter unseren Füßen immer schon unsicher.	But, owing to the disruptive advances of globalization and technology, the ground beneath our feet was always shifting.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology, the ground beneath our feet has always been unsafe.	But due to the disruptive progress of globalisation and technology, the ground has always shifted under our feet.	But, owing to the disruptive advances of globalization and technology, the ground beneath their feet was always shifting.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology, the ground beneath their feet has always been unsafe.
547	Jetzt, wo die Bruchstellen sichtbar geworden sind, ist es ganz klar an der Zeit, unser Modell der Wählerdemokratie zu bewerten.	Now that the fault lines have appeared, it is clearly time to take stock of our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fractures have become visible, it is clearly time to evaluate our model of voter democracy.	Now that the fault lines have arisen, it is clear that it is time to take stock of our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fault lines have appeared, it is clearly time to take stock of their model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fractures have become visible, it is clearly time to evaluate their model of voter democracy.
557	Politiker, Wissenschaftler und Ökonomen haben sicherlich alle Hände voll zu tun.	Policymakers, scientists, and economists clearly have their hands full.	Politicians, scientists and economists certainly have their hands full.	Politicians, scientists and economists clearly have their hands full.	Policymakers, scientists, and economists clearly have our hands full.	Politicians, scientists and economists certainly have our hands full.
562	Wie Auden uns rät, dürfen wir „den Lügen der Autorität“ nicht nachgeben.	As Auden advised, we must not give in to “the lie of Authority.”	As Auden advises us, we must not give in to "the lies of authority."	As Auden advised, we must not yield to the lie of authority.	As Auden advised, they must not give in to “ the lie of authority . ”	As Auden advises them, they must not give in to "the lies of authority . "
563	Wir müssen unsere Stimme erheben, um „die gefaltete Lüge zu auseinander zu falten“.	We must raise our “voice to undo the folded lie.”	We must raise our voice to "unfold the folded lie".	We must raise our voice to reverse the folded lie.	They must raise their “ voice to undo the folded lie . ”	They must raise their voice to "unfold the folded lie ".
581	Als derartige Freiheitsbeschränkungen beschlossen wurden, trafen sie auf keinen großen öffentlichen Widerstand.	Such restrictions on freedom did not meet with much public opposition when they were adopted.	When such restrictions on freedom were decided upon, they met with little public resistance.	Such restrictions of freedom did not meet with great public opposition when they were adopted.	Such restrictions on freedom did not meet with much public opposition when we were adopted.	When such restrictions on freedom were decided upon, we met with little public resistance.
595	Somit war der 11. September direkt oder indirekt ein großer Schock, sowohl psychologisch als auch für unsere politischen Systeme.	Thus, 9/11 has meant, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and to our political systems.	Thus, 9/11 was a great shock, directly or indirectly, both psychologically and to our political systems.	So 9/11 directly or indirectly meant a great shock, both psychologically and for our political systems.	Thus, 9/11 has meant, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and to their political systems.	Thus, 9/11 was a great shock, directly or indirectly, both psychologically and to their political systems.
602	Zweitens, noch wichtiger ist, dass unsere Machthaber versuchen müssen, die allgemeine Besorgnis eher zu beruhigen als sie auszunutzen.	Second, and more importantly, our leaders must seek to calm, rather than exploit, public anxiety.	Second, and more importantly, those in power must seek to calm public concerns rather than exploit them.	Secondly, and more importantly, our leaders must try to calm public fear rather than exploit it.	Second, and more importantly, their leaders must seek to calm, rather than exploit, public anxiety.	Second, and more importantly, those in power must seek to calm public concerns rather than exploit us.
637	Zwei davon gleichen einander aus; der dritte jedoch bedroht, was Amerika in den kommenden Jahren am meisten braucht: Wirtschaftswachstum.	Two of them offset each other, but the third threatens what America needs most in the coming years: economic growth.	Two of them balance each other; the third, however, threatens what America needs most in the coming years: economic growth.	Two of them compensate each other, but the third threatens what America needs most in the coming years: economic growth.	Two of us offset each other, but the third threatens what America needs most in the coming years: economic growth.	Two of us balance each other; the third, however, threatens what America needs most in the coming years: economic growth.
723	Insbesondere auf die Tragfähigkeit der amerikanischen Hypotheken- und Verbraucherschulden hätten sie mehr achten sollen.	In particular, they should have paid greater attention to the sustainability of US mortgage and consumer debt.	In particular, they should have paid more attention to the sustainability of American mortgage and consumer debt.	In particular, they should have paid more attention to the sustainability of US mortgage and consumer debt.	In particular, we should have paid greater attention to the Sustainability of us mortgage and consumer debt.	In particular, we should have paid more attention to the Sustainability of American mortgage and consumer debt.
758	Ebenso wenig sehen sie eine Landreform, Arbeitsvermittlung oder Rentenansprüche für alle Asiaten als Priorität an.	Nor do they consider land reform, employment services, or pensions for all Asians a priority.	Nor do they see land reform, job placement, or pension entitlements as a priority for all Asians.	They also do not regard land reforms, employment services or pensions as a priority for all Asians.	Nor do we consider land reform, employment services, or pensions for all Asians a priority.	Nor do we see land reform, job placement, or pension entitlements as a priority for all Asians.
800	Ihr Instinkt (und ihr bürokratisches Interesse) gibt ihnen vor, ihre eigenen Banken gegenüber anderen Ländern zu verteidigen.	Their instinct (and their bureaucratic interest) is to defend their countries’ “national champion” bank(s) abroad.	Their instinct (and their bureaucratic interest) tells them to defend their own banks against other countries.	Their instinct (and their bureaucratic interest) is to defend their countries abroad.	Our instinct (and our bureaucratic interest) is to defend our countries ’ “ national champion ” Bank (s) abroad.	Our instinct (and our bureaucratic interest) tells us to defend our own banks against other countries.
801	Aber ihr Widerstand gegen die Aufbereitung von Problemen zuhause reicht noch tiefer.	But their resistance to recognizing problems at home runs even deeper.	But their resistance to dealing with problems at home goes even deeper.	But their resistance to the recognition of problems at home goes even deeper.	But our resistance to recognizing problems at home runs even deeper.	But our resistance to dealing with problems at home goes even deeper.
802	Bis vor kurzem hielten die spanischen Behörden daran fest, dass die Probleme im Immobiliensektor ihres Landes nur vorübergehende seien.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country’s real-estate sector were temporary.	Until recently, Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country's real estate sector were temporary.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities claimed that the problems in the real estate sector of their country were temporary.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in our country ’ s real-estate sector were temporary.	Until recently, Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in our country's real estate sector were temporary.
839	Seine Gelehrsamkeit und sein rhetorisches Geschick ergänzten einander auf seltsame Weise.	His scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion.	His erudition and rhetorical skill complemented each other in a strange way.	His scientific education and rhetorical gifts were rarely supplemented.	Her scholarly training and Rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion.	Her erudition and Rhetorical skill Complemented each other in a strange way.
847	Zusammen mit Golda Meir und Moshe Dayan musste er die Regierung 1974 im Gefolge des Yom Kippur Kriegs verlassen.	Together with Golda Meir and Moshe Dayan he had to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur War.	Along with Golda Meir and Moshe Dayan, he was forced to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur War.	He and Golda Meir and Moshe Dayan were forced to leave the government in 1974 after the Yom Kippur War.	Together with Golda Meir and Moshe Dayan she had to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur war.	Along with Golda Meir and Moshe Dayan, she was forced to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur war.
850	In der internationalen Arena führte Eban seinen Schreibstift als Schwert und das gesprochene Wort als Lanze.	In the international arena, Eban's pen was his sword, and the spoken word his lance.	In the international arena, Eban wielded his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a spear.	In the international arena, Eban's pen was his sword and the spoken word his lance.	In the International arena, Eban's pen was her sword, and the spoken word her lance.	In the International arena, Eban wielded her pen as a sword and the spoken word as a spear.
851	Weniger geschickt war er in den politischen Grabenkämpfen innerhalb Israels.	He was less adept in political infighting in Israel.	He was less adept at the political infighting within Israel.	He was less skilled in the political struggle in Israel.	She was less adept in political infighting in Israel.	She was less adept at the political infighting within Israel.
857	Der Aufbau einer Nation erfordert moralisches Durchhaltevermögen, und das hat Eban seinem Volk und der Welt im Überfluss gezeigt.	But nation-building requires moral stamina, and Eban provided it to his people and the world in abundance.	Nation building requires moral stamina, and Eban has shown that to his people and to the world in abundance.	But nation-building requires moral perseverance, and Eban put it in abundance to his people and the world.	But nation-building requires moral stamina, and Eban provided it to her people and the world in abundance.	Nation building requires moral stamina, and Eban has shown that to her people and to the world in abundance.
861	Dies war die Grundlage seiner Hoffnung auf eine Aussöhnung zwischen Juden und Arabern.	This was the bedrock of his hope for reconciliation between Jew and Arab.	This was the basis of his hope for reconciliation between Jews and Arabs.	This was the foundation of his hope for reconciliation between Jews and Arabs.	This was the bedrock of her hope for reconciliation between Jew and Arab.	This was the basis of her hope for reconciliation between Jews and Arabs.
867	Darin war Abba Eban ein wahrer Vertreter des Volkes, das er so ehrenvoll vertreten hat.	In this Abba Eban was a true representative of the people he so gloriously represented.	In this, Abba Eban was a true representative of the people he so honorably represented.	In this Abba Eban was a true representative of the people, whom he represented so gloriously.	In this Abba Eban was a true representative of the people she so gloriously represented.	In this, Abba Eban was a true representative of the people she so honorably represented.
881	Noch bevor die Regierung ihre Politik ändert, können und müssen sie handeln.	They can and must act, without waiting for the government to change its policies.	Even before the government changes policy, they can and must act.	They can and must act without waiting for the government to change its policy.	We can and must act, without waiting for the government to change its policies.	Even before the government changes policy, we can and must act.
890	Außerdem müssen die japanischen Unternehmen in Bereichen wie Marketing, Preisgestaltung und Talententwicklung ihre Fähigkeiten verbessern.	Japanese companies will also need to improve their capabilities in areas such as marketing, pricing, and talent development.	Also, Japanese companies need to improve their skills in areas such as marketing, pricing and talent development.	Japanese companies also need to improve their skills in areas such as marketing, pricing and talent development.	Japanese companies will also need to improve our capabilities in areas such as marketing, pricing, and talent development.	Also, Japanese companies need to improve our skills in areas such as marketing, pricing and talent development.
896	Produzenten könnten ihre Fließbänder durch Technologien wie das Internet der Dinge oder 3D-Druck ersetzen oder ergänzen.	Manufacturers can augment or replace their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things and 3D printing.	Manufacturers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing.	Manufacturers can expand or replace their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things and 3D printing.	Manufacturers can augment or replace our assembly lines with Technologies such as the Internet of things and 3D printing.	Manufacturers could replace or supplement our assembly lines with Technologies such as the Internet of things or 3D printing.
926	Deduktive Schlussfolgerungen ermöglichen es uns, Folgen vorauszusehen, wenn wir die Prinzipien (die Regel) und die Ursache kennen.	Deductive inference enables us to predict effects if we know the principles (the rule) and the cause.	Deductive reasoning allows us to anticipate consequences when we know the principles (the rule) and the cause.	Deductive inference allows us to predict effects when we know the principles (the rule) and the cause.	Deductive inference enables them to predict effects if they know the principles (the rule) and the cause.	Deductive reasoning allows them to anticipate consequences when they know the principles (the rule) and the cause.
927	Durch induktive Schlussfolgerungen schließen wir die Prinzipien aus der Ursache und den Folgen.	By inductive reasoning, if we know the cause and effects, we can infer the principles.	Through inductive reasoning, we infer the principles from cause and effect.	Through inductive considerations, if we know the cause and effects, we can derive the principles.	By Inductive reasoning, if they know the cause and effects, they can infer the principles.	Through Inductive reasoning, they infer the principles from cause and effect.
953	Wir können den Schmerz der Anpassung nicht auf ewig durch Gelddrucken verdrängen.	We cannot postpone the pain of adjustment forever by printing money.	We cannot forever banish the pain of adjustment by printing money.	We can't move the pain of adaptation forever by printing money.	They cannot postpone the pain of adjustment forever by printing money.	They cannot forever banish the pain of adjustment by printing money.
1003	Jede krankhafte extremistische Vereinigung könnte Neu-Delhi, Tokio, Paris oder jede andere Stadt ihrer Wahl zerstören.	Any pathological group of extremists could destroy New Delhi, Tokyo, Paris, or any city they chose.	Any morbid extremist group could destroy New Delhi, Tokyo, Paris or any other city of their choosing.	Any pathological group of extremists could destroy New Delhi, Tokyo, Paris or any city they have chosen.	Any pathological group of extremists could destroy New Delhi, Tokyo, Paris, or any city we chose.	Any morbid Extremist group could destroy New Delhi, Tokyo, Paris or any other city of our choosing.
1030	Europäische Außenminister haben bereits ihre Bedenken über das Atomprogramm des Iran geäußert.	European foreign ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran's nuclear program.	European foreign ministers have already voiced their concerns about Iran's nuclear program.	The European Foreign Ministers have already expressed concern about the Iranian nuclear programme.	European foreign ministers have already expressed our concerns about Iran's nuclear program.	European foreign ministers have already voiced our concerns about Iran's nuclear program.
1043	Infolgedessen ist ihre Ernte dürftig und unzureichend für ihren Lebensunterhalt.	As a result, their output is meager and insufficient for their subsistence.	As a result, their crops are poor and insufficient for their livelihood.	As a result, their output is lean and insufficient for their livelihood.	As a result, our output is meager and insufficient for our subsistence.	As a result, our crops are poor and insufficient for our livelihood.
1044	Ihre Armut führt zu geringer landwirtschaftlicher Produktivität, und geringe landwirtschaftliche Produktivität vergrößert ihre Armut.	Their poverty causes low farm productivity, and low farm productivity reinforces their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity, and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Our poverty causes low farm productivity, and low farm productivity reinforces our poverty.	Our poverty leads to low agricultural productivity, and low agricultural productivity increases our poverty.
1055	Die Bauern können entweder mit ihrem eigenen Guthaben oder aufgrund ihrer verbesserten Kreditwürdigkeit Einsatzgüter kaufen.	Farmers will be able to buy inputs, either out of their own cash, or by borrowing against their improved creditworthiness.	Farmers can buy inputs either with their own bankroll or because of their improved credit rating.	Farmers will be able to buy inputs either from their own cash or by borrowing against their improved creditworthiness.	Farmers will be able to buy inputs, either out of our own cash, or by borrowing against our improved creditworthiness.	Farmers can buy inputs either with our own bankroll or because of our improved credit rating.
1061	Ein unabhängiges Expertengremium würde die nationalen Pläne prüfen, um ihre wissenschaftliche und betriebliche Korrektheit zu bestätigen.	An independent expert panel would review the national plans to verify their scientific and managerial coherence.	An independent panel of experts would review the national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness.	An independent panel of experts would review national plans to review their scientific and management coherence.	An independent expert panel would review the National plans to verify our scientific and managerial coherence.	An independent panel of experts would review the National plans to confirm our scientific and operational correctness.
1075	Er sah in dem Haus einen schwarzen Mann und forderte ihn auf, herauszukommen.	He saw one black male standing inside the house and asked him to come out.	He saw a black man in the house and asked him to come out.	He saw a black male standing in the house and asked him to come out.	She saw one black male standing inside the house and asked her to come out.	She saw a black man in the house and asked her to come out.
1081	Wir wissen heute, dass der Professor mit Hilfe seines Fahrers in sein eigenes Haus eingebrochen war, nachdem die Eingangstür geklemmt hatte.	We now know that the professor had broken into his own home, with the help of his chauffeur, because the door was jammed.	We now know that the professor, with the help of his driver, broke into his own house after the front door got stuck.	We now know that the professor had broken into his own house with the help of his chauffeur because the door was jammed.	They now know that the professor had broken into her own home, with the help of her chauffeur, because the door was jammed.	They now know that the professor, with the help of her driver, broke into her own house after the front door got stuck.
1083	Die meisten Menschen in den USA wissen, dass die Polizei rasch sehr ungemütlich werden kann, wenn man sich ihren Anordnungen widersetzt.	Most people in the US know that if you talk back to the police, they will get nasty very fast.	Most people in the United States know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if you disobey their orders.	Most people in the U.S. know that when you talk to the police, they get angry very quickly.	Most people in the us know that if you talk back to the police, we will get nasty very fast.	Most people in the United States know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if you Disobey our orders.
1104	Eben weil es sich bei ihm um eine Kapazität handelt, ist er in der Lage das nationale Augenmerk auf dieses ernste Thema zu lenken.	Precisely because he is a grandee, he is in the position to draw national attention to a serious issue.	It is precisely because he is a capacity that he is able to draw national attention to this serious issue.	It is precisely because it is a Grandee that he is able to draw national attention to a serious issue.	Precisely because she is a Grandee, she is in the position to draw national attention to a serious issue.	It is precisely because she is a capacity that she is able to draw national attention to this serious issue.
1109	Tatsächlich wissen wir nicht einmal mit Sicherheit, ob dies ein solcher Vorfall war.	Indeed, we don’t even know for certain whether this was such an instance.	In fact, we don't even know for sure if this was such an incident.	In fact, we do not even know for sure whether this was such a case.	Indeed, they don ’ t even know for certain whether this was such an instance.	In fact, they don't even know for sure if this was such an incident.
1117	Ältere französische Bürger finden das öffentliche Spektakel, dass ihr verliebter Landesvater abgibt, nicht sonderlich amüsant.	Older French citizens don’t find the public spectacle of their leader in love very amusing.	Elderly French citizens are not particularly amused by the public spectacle made by their smitten father.	Older French citizens do not find the public spectacle of their leader very amusing in love.	Older French citizens don ’ t find the public spectacle of our leader in love very amusing.	Elderly French citizens are not particularly amused by the public spectacle made by our smitten father.
1129	Gerüchten zufolge hat das Pärchen den 8. oder 9. Februar als Hochzeitstag festgelegt.	“You’ll probably find out after it’s happened,” he taunted.	The couple is rumored to have set their wedding day on February 8th or 9th.	They probably find out after it happened, he mocked.	“ you ’ ll probably find out after it ’ s happened, ” she taunted.	The couple is rumored to have set our wedding day on February 8th or 9th.
1260	Sie zahlen einer unqualifizierten Person kein Geld dafür, ihre Gebärmutter zu durchstechen, weil ihnen gerade danach ist.	They do not pay an unqualified person to stab their uterus because the mood strikes them.	They don't pay an unqualified person to have their uterus pierced because they feel like it.	They don't pay an unqualified person to stab their uterus because they get the mood.	We do not pay an unqualified person to stab our Uterus because the mood strikes us.	We don't pay an unqualified person to have our Uterus pierced because we feel like it.
1308	Die Befürworter diskriminierender Maßnahmen führen gegen ihre Gegner häufig die erstickende und legitime Kritik an Israel ins Feld.	Advocates of discriminatory measures often charge their opponents with stifling legitimate criticism of Israel.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often use suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against their opponents.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often call on their opponents to suppress legitimate criticism of Israel.	Advocates of discriminatory measures often charge our opponents with stifling legitimate criticism of Israel.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often use suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against our opponents.
1331	Die afrikanischen Bauern wissen, dass sie Dünger brauchen, können sich ihn aber nicht leisten.	African farmers know that they need fertilizer; they just can’t afford it.	African farmers know they need fertilizer but cannot afford it.	African farmers know that they need fertilizer; they simply cannot afford it.	African farmers know that we need fertilizer; we just can ’ t afford it.	African farmers know we need fertilizer but cannot afford it.
1333	Diese Bauern können dann nicht nur ihre Familien ernähren, sondern auch ein Markteinkommen erzielen und für die Zukunft sparen.	Not only do these farmers then feed their families, but they also can begin to earn market income and to save for the future.	These farmers can then not only feed their families but also earn a market income and save for the future.	These farmers not only feed their families, but can also start to earn market income and save for the future.	Not only do these farmers then feed our families, but we also can begin to earn market income and to save for the future.	These farmers can then not only feed our families but also earn a market income and save for the future.
1341	Die dort vollbrachten wissenschaftlichen Durchbrüche haben dazu beigetragen, die Welt zu ernähren und wir brauchen mehrere dieser Zentren.	Their scientific breakthroughs have helped to feed the world, and we’ll need more of them.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped feed the world and we need more of these centers.	Their scientific breakthroughs have helped feed the world, and we will need more of them.	Our scientific breakthroughs have helped to feed the world, and they ’ ll need more of us.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped feed the world and they need more of these centers.
1389	Mit einem derartigen Preissystem werden Innovatoren für neues Wissen belohnt, aber sie bekommen kein Monopol auf die Nutzung dieses Wissens.	With a prize system, innovators are rewarded for new knowledge, but they do not retain a monopoly on its use.	With such a price system, innovators are rewarded for new knowledge, but they do not have a monopoly on the use of this knowledge.	With a price system, innovators are rewarded for new knowledge, but they do not retain a monopoly on their use.	With a prize system, innovators are rewarded for new knowledge, but we do not retain a monopoly on its use.	With such a price system, innovators are rewarded for new knowledge, but we do not have a monopoly on the use of this knowledge.
1394	Global betrachtet benötigt unser Innovationssystem allerdings viel tiefgreifendere Veränderungen.	But, globally, our innovation system needs much bigger changes.	From a global perspective, however, our innovation system requires much more profound changes.	But worldwide, our innovation system needs much bigger changes.	But, globally, their innovation system needs much bigger changes.	From a global perspective, however, their innovation system requires much more profound changes.
1399	Die Reform unseres Innovationssystems ist nicht nur eine Frage der Ökonomie, sondern in vielen Fällen von Leben und Tod.	Reforming our innovation system is not just a matter of economics. It is, in many cases, a matter of life and death.	Reforming our innovation system is not just a question of economics, but in many cases of life and death.	Reforming our innovation system is not just a matter of the economy, but in many cases a matter of life and death.	Reforming their innovation system is not just a matter of economics . It is, in many cases, a matter of life and death.	Reforming their innovation system is not just a question of Economics, but in many cases of life and death.
1422	Wir brauchen dringend eine breit angelegte Bewegung, um uns gegen diese Art von politischem Diskurs zur Wehr zu setzen.	We desperately need a broad-based movement to stand up against this type of political discourse.	We urgently need a broader movement to oppose this type of political discourse.	We urgently need a broad movement to oppose this kind of political discourse.	They desperately need a broad-based movement to stand up against this type of political discourse.	They urgently need a broader movement to oppose this type of political discourse.
1436	Präsident Richard Nixon seinerseits hat die Aufhebung der Rassentrennung maßgeblich vorangetrieben.	For his part, President Richard Nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, was instrumental in driving desegregation.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, has significantly advanced the Desegregation project.	For her part, president Richard Nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation.	President Richard Nixon, for her part, was instrumental in driving desegregation.
1441	Aber wir müssen auch wieder ein Gespür dafür bekommen, unserem Land einen Dienst zu erweisen.	But we also need to reclaim a sense of national service.	But we also need to regain a sense of doing our country a service.	But we must also demand back a sense of national service.	But they also need to reclaim a sense of national service.	But they also need to regain a sense of doing their country a service.
1454	Die Menschheit ist bei weitem nicht perfekt, aber wir haben es geschafft, durch Zusammenarbeit bemerkenswerte Fortschritte zu erzielen.	Humankind is far from perfect; yet we have managed to make remarkable progress by working together.	Humanity is far from perfect, but we've managed to make remarkable progress through working together.	Humanity is far from perfect, but we have made remarkable progress through cooperation.	Humankind is far from perfect; yet they have managed to make remarkable progress by working together.	Humanity is far from perfect, but they've managed to make remarkable progress through working together.
1460	Unser starkes Verlangen, alles von der Natur zu nehmen, was wir bekommen können, lässt für andere Lebensformen äußerst wenig übrig.	Our intense desire to take all that we can from nature leaves precious little for other forms of life.	Our strong desire to take everything we can get from nature leaves very little for other life forms.	Our intense desire to take everything we can out of nature leaves precious little for other forms of life.	Their intense desire to take all that they can from nature leaves precious little for other forms of life.	Their strong desire to take everything they can get from nature leaves very little for other life forms.
1467	Wir töten andere Arten nicht, weil wir das müssten, sondern weil wir zu nachlässig sind, uns anders zu verhalten.	We kill other species not because we must, but because we are too negligent to do otherwise.	We kill other species not because we have to, but because we are too careless to do otherwise.	We don't kill other species because we have to, but because we're too negligent to do it differently.	They kill other species not because they must, but because they are too negligent to do otherwise.	They kill other species not because they have to, but because they are too careless to do otherwise.
1477	Da die Kosten dieser Aktivitäten so hoch sind und ihre Vorteile so gering, wäre es leicht, sie einzustellen.	Because these activities’ costs are so high and their benefits so low, stopping them would be easy.	Because the cost of these activities is so high and the benefits so small, it would be easy to stop them.	Since these activities are so expensive and their benefits are so low, it would be easy to stop them.	Because these activities ’ costs are so high and our benefits so low, stopping us would be easy.	Because the cost of these activities is so high and the benefits so small, it would be easy to stop us.
1494	Sie sind bezahlbar und würden letzten Endes in jedem Fall große Reingewinne bringen.	They are affordable, and in each case would ultimately deliver large net benefits.	They are affordable and would ultimately yield big net profits in any case.	They are affordable and in any case would ultimately bring great net benefits.	We are affordable, and in each case would ultimately deliver large net benefits.	We are affordable and would ultimately yield big net profits in any case.
1495	Vor allem würden sie es uns ermöglichen, unser globales Versprechen einzulösen.	Most importantly, they would allow us to follow through on a global promise.	Above all, they would enable us to deliver on our global promise.	Above all, they would allow us to keep a global promise.	Most importantly, we would allow them to follow through on a global promise.	Above all, we would enable them to deliver on their global promise.
1514	Sie argumentieren, dass niemand Vorstellungen ausgesetzt sein sollte, mit denen er oder sie ganz und gar nicht einverstanden ist.	They contend that people should not be exposed to ideas with which they strongly disagree.	They argue that no one should be exposed to ideas with which he or she totally disagrees.	They claim that people should not be exposed to ideas with which they strongly contradict.	We contend that people should not be exposed to ideas with which we strongly disagree.	We argue that no one should be exposed to ideas with which she or he totally disagrees.
1540	Hat niemand Präsident Xi Jinping und seinen Kollegen im Politbüro gesagt, wo Karl Marx herkommt?	Did no one tell President Xi Jinping and his Politburo colleagues where Karl Marx came from?	Has no one told President Xi Jinping and his colleagues in the Politburo where Karl Marx is from?	Didn't anyone tell President Xi Jinping and his Politburo colleagues where Karl Marx came from?	Did no one tell President Xi Jinping and her Politburo colleagues where Karl Marx came from?	Has no one told President Xi Jinping and her colleagues in the Politburo where Karl Marx is from?
1541	Das Problem besteht heutzutage genau darin, dass sie wenig über Marx, aber viel über Lenin wissen.	The trouble these days is precisely that they know little about Marx but a lot about Lenin.	The problem today is precisely that they know little about Marx but a lot about Lenin.	The problem these days is precisely that they know little about Marx, but much about Lenin.	The trouble these days is precisely that we know little about Marx but a lot about Lenin.	The problem today is precisely that we know little about Marx but a lot about Lenin.
1555	Ob die von ihnen veröffentlichten Arbeiten messbaren Einfluss auf ihr Forschungsgebiet haben, ist dabei leider allzu oft zweitrangig.	Whether the work they are publishing has a measurable impact on their field of study is, sadly, too often a secondary concern.	Unfortunately, whether the work they publish has a measurable impact on their field of research is all too often of secondary importance.	Unfortunately, it is too often a secondary concern whether the work they publish has a measurable impact on their field of study.	Whether the work we are publishing has a measurable impact on our field of study is, sadly, too often a secondary concern.	Unfortunately, whether the work we publish has a measurable impact on our field of research is all too often of secondary importance.
1609	Unsere Vision ist es, zum Aufbau ähnlicher Programme in vielen anderen Ländern weltweit zu ermutigen.	Our vision is to encourage the emergence of similar programs in many other countries around the world.	Our vision is to encourage the establishment of similar programs in many other countries around the world.	Our vision is to promote the emergence of similar programmes in many other countries around the world.	Their vision is to encourage the emergence of similar programs in many other countries around the world.	Their vision is to encourage the establishment of similar programs in many other countries around the world.
1653	Mit Eintritt in eine neue Ära nachhaltiger Entwicklung muss sich Straflosigkeit in Verantwortung verwandeln.	As we enter a new era of sustainable development, impunity must turn to responsibility.	As we enter a new era of sustainable development, impunity must turn into responsibility.	When we enter a new era of sustainable development, impunity must turn to responsibility.	As they enter a new era of sustainable development, impunity must turn to responsibility.	As they enter a new era of sustainable development, impunity must turn into responsibility.
1655	Die Großunternehmen müssen die Verantwortung für ihre Handlungen übernehmen.	Major companies need to accept responsibility for their actions.	Big business must take responsibility for their actions.	Large companies must take responsibility for their actions.	Major companies need to accept responsibility for our actions.	Big business must take responsibility for our actions.
1673	Das Fehlverhalten der Ölgesellschaften in Nigeria oder anderswo wird durch die Macht ihrer Heimatländer geschützt.	When oil companies misbehave in Nigeria or elsewhere, they are protected by the power of their home countries.	The misconduct of the oil companies in Nigeria or elsewhere is protected by the power of their home countries.	When oil companies in Nigeria or elsewhere become embezzled, they are protected by the power of their home countries.	When oil companies Misbehave in Nigeria or elsewhere, we are protected by the power of our home countries.	The misconduct of the oil companies in Nigeria or elsewhere is protected by the power of our home countries.
1741	Sie bauen Schulen, wenn sie Hilfsgelder bekommen und hören damit auf, wenn diese versiegen.	Build schools when you have aid; stop building them when you don't.	They build schools when they get aid and stop when it runs out.	Build schools if you have help; stop building them if you don't.	Build schools when you have aid; stop building us when you don't.	We build schools when we get aid and stop when it runs out.
1830	Soweit es die Europäische Volkspartei betrifft, ist die Wirtschaft für uns kein Selbstzweck, sondern sollte den Menschen dienen.	As for the European People’s Party, for us the economy is not an end in itself but should serve the people.	As far as the European People's Party is concerned, for us the economy is not an end in itself, but should serve the people.	As far as the European People's Party is concerned, the economy is not an end in itself, but should serve the people.	As for the European people ’ s party, for them the economy is not an end in itself but should serve the people.	As far as the European people's party is concerned, for them the economy is not an end in itself, but should serve the people.
1849	Zunächst bedeutet „für alle”, dass wir uns auf die Kinder konzentrieren müssen, die zurückgeblieben sind.	First, “for all” means that we must focus on the children who have been left behind.	First, “for all” means we need to focus on the children who are left behind.	First, for everyone, we need to focus on the children left behind.	First, “ for all ” means that they must focus on the children who have been left behind.	First, “ for all ” means they need to focus on the children who are left behind.
1862	Auch Geber müssen ihre Hilfsversprechen einlösen und Hilfe effektiver einsetzen.	Donors also need to live up to their aid commitments and target aid more effectively.	Donors, too, must keep their promises of aid and use aid more effectively.	Donors must also meet their aid commitments and better target aid.	Donors also need to live up to our aid commitments and target aid more effectively.	Donors, too, must keep our promises of aid and use aid more effectively.
1888	Daher glauben viele, dass uns in den Industrieländern ein „neuer Normalpegel“ des langsameren Wachstums bevorsteht.	As a result, many believe that a “new normal” of slower advanced-country growth is upon us.	As a result, many believe we are in for a “new normal” of slower growth in the developed world.	As a result, many believe that a new normal growth of the slower advanced country is upon us.	As a result, many believe that a “ new normal ” of slower Advanced-Country growth is upon them.	As a result, many believe they are in for a “ new normal ” of slower growth in the developed world.
1935	Aber alle Regierungen können mehr tun, um die Widerstandskraft ihrer Arbeitnehmer zu stärken.	But authorities everywhere can do more to increase the resilience of their workforces.	But all governments can do more to build the resilience of their workers.	But authorities everywhere can do more to increase the resilience of their workforce.	But authorities everywhere can do more to increase the resilience of our workforces.	But all governments can do more to build the resilience of our workers.
1937	In vielen Ländern dienen die SDG Regierungen als Modell für ihre nationalen Planungen und Bemühungen, Reformen umzusetzen.	In many countries, heads of government are using the SDGs to guide their national planning and efforts to legislate reforms.	In many countries, the SDGs serve governments as a model for their national planning and efforts to implement reforms.	In many countries, the Heads of State and Government use the SDGs to steer their national planning and efforts towards reform legislation.	In many countries, heads of government are using the Sdgs to guide our national planning and efforts to legislate reforms.	In many countries, the Sdgs serve governments as a model for our national planning and efforts to implement reforms.
2012	AMSTERDAM – Auf dem Klimagipfel der COP 15 in Kopenhagen verhandeln die führenden Politiker der Welt über die Zukunft unseres Planeten.	AMSTERDAM – During the COP15 climate summit in Copenhagen, world leaders have been negotiating the future of our planet.	AMSTERDAM – World leaders negotiate the future of our planet at the COP15 climate summit in Copenhagen.	AMSTERDAM – World leaders negotiated the future of our planet during the COP15 climate summit in Copenhagen.	Amsterdam – during the Cop15 climate summit in Copenhagen, world leaders have been negotiating the future of their planet.	Amsterdam – world leaders negotiate the future of their planet at the Cop15 climate summit in Copenhagen.
2055	Natürlich ist niemand dabei eine „Moralpille“ zu entwickeln, die uns in Heilige verwandeln wird.	Of course, no one is developing a “moral pill” that will transform us into saints.	Of course, nobody is about to come up with a "morality pill" that will turn us into saints.	Of course, no one develops a moral pill that turns us into saints.	Of course, no one is developing a “ moral pill ” that will transform them into saints.	Of course, nobody is about to come up with a "morality pill "that will turn them into saints.
2062	Die meisten von uns müssen natürlich nicht konditioniert werden, um mit Abscheu auf Vergewaltigung oder Folter zu reagieren.	Of course, most of us don’t need to be conditioned to feel repulsed by rape or torture.	Of course, most of us don't need to be conditioned to react with disgust to rape or torture.	Of course, most of us do not need to be conditioned to feel repulsed from rape or torture.	Of course, most of them don ’ t need to be conditioned to feel repulsed by rape or torture.	Of course, most of them don't need to be conditioned to react with disgust to rape or torture.
2066	Und es ist fraglich, ob wir uns wirklich genug aus anderen machen oder den weniger Begünstigten genug abgeben.	And it is doubtful that we really care enough about others, or give enough to the less fortunate.	And it's debatable whether we really care enough about others or give enough to the less fortunate.	And it is doubtful that we really care enough for others, or give enough to the less happy.	And it is doubtful that they really care enough about others, or give enough to the less fortunate.	And it's debatable whether they really care enough about others or give enough to the less fortunate.
2072	Die Wissenschaft könnte aber auch direktere Wege aufzeigen, unser Gehirn zu beeinflussen.	But science might also offer more direct ways of influencing our brains.	But science may also reveal more direct ways to affect our brains.	But science could also offer more direct ways to influence our brains.	But science might also offer more direct ways of influencing their brains.	But science may also reveal more direct ways to affect their brains.
2083	Und auch wenn „Moralpillen“ nur Science-Fiction sind, werfen sie tiefsinnige Fragen auf.	And even if “moral pills” are just science fiction, they raise deep questions.	And even if "moral pills" are only science fiction, they raise profound questions.	And even if the pills are just science fiction, they raise deep questions.	And even if “ moral pills ” are just science fiction, we raise deep questions.	And even if "moral pills "are only science fiction, we raise profound questions.
2098	Durch die Schließung ihres Luftraums haben europäische Regierungen der Sicherheit offenbar absolute Priorität vor allem anderen eingeräumt.	Indeed, in closing their skies, European governments seem to have given safety absolute priority over everything else.	By closing their airspace, European governments appear to have made safety an absolute priority over anything else.	In fact, European governments seem to have given absolute priority to safety requirements, above all others, when closing their airspace.	Indeed, in closing our skies, European governments seem to have given safety absolute priority over everything else.	By closing our Airspace, European governments appear to have made safety an absolute priority over anything else.
2102	Wir tun es nicht, weil wir Sicherheit eine geringere Priorität einräumen als unserem Wunsch, weniger Zeit mit Fahren zu verbringen.	We don’t do it, because we give safety a lower priority than our desire to spend less time driving.	We don't do it because we prioritize safety less than our desire to spend less time driving.	We do not do it because we give safety a lower priority than our desire to spend less time driving.	They don ’ t do it, because they give safety a lower priority than their desire to spend less time driving.	They don't do it because they Prioritize safety less than their desire to spend less time driving.
2103	Der Preis, den wir bereit sind für Sicherheit zu bezahlen, kann nicht unendlich hoch sein.	The price we are willing to pay for safety cannot be infinite.	The price we are willing to pay for security cannot be infinitely high.	The price we are willing to pay for security cannot be infinite.	The price they are willing to pay for safety cannot be infinite.	The price they are willing to pay for security cannot be infinitely high.
2113	Aus Mills Sicht ist unser Eingreifen lediglich gerechtfertigt, um sicher zu gehen, dass ihm die Gefahr bekannt ist.	In Mill’s view, we are justified in stopping him only to make sure that he is aware of the danger.	From Mill's point of view, our intervention is only justified to ensure that he is aware of the danger.	Mill's view is that we are entitled to prevent him from doing so only to ensure that he is aware of the danger.	In mill ’ s view, they are justified in stopping her only to make sure that she is aware of the danger.	From mill's point of view, their intervention is only justified to ensure that she is aware of the danger.
2127	Im Geiste Schmitts haben Putins Männer eine liberale Partei, die Union Rechter Kräfte, zu ihrem Urfeind bestimmt.	In the spirit of Schmitt, Putin’s men designated a liberal party, the Union of Right Forces, as their ur-enemy.	In the spirit of Schmitt, Putin's men have designated a liberal party, the Union of Right Forces, as their arch-enemy.	In Schmitt's spirit, Putin's men called a liberal party, the Union of Right Forces, their prime enemy.	In the spirit of Schmitt, Putin ’ s men designated a liberal party, the Union of right forces, as our Ur-Enemy.	In the spirit of Schmitt, Putin's men have designated a liberal party, the Union of right forces, as our arch-enemy.
2130	Die von ihm ernannten Personen kontrollieren von Gazprom bis zum Zentralen Wahlausschuss alles, was von Bedeutung ist.	His appointees control everything that matters, from Gazprom to the Central Electoral Committee.	The people he appoints control everything that matters, from Gazprom to the Central Electoral Committee.	His appointments control everything that counts, from Gazprom to the Central Electoral Committee.	Her appointees control everything that matters, from Gazprom to the central electoral committee.	The people she appoints control everything that matters, from Gazprom to the central electoral committee.
2152	Die meisten Beobachter sind der Ansicht, dass Putin nicht in der Lage ist, zu seiner Verteidigung zu intervenieren.	Most believe that Putin is unable to intervene in his defense.	Most observers believe that Putin is unable to intervene in his defense.	Most believe that Putin cannot intervene in his defense.	Most believe that Putin is unable to intervene in her defense.	Most observers believe that Putin is unable to intervene in her defense.
2188	Abbas richtet seinen Blick nun auf Europa und würde die Türkei bitten, sich als Vermittler zu engagieren.	Abbas is now setting his sights on Europe, and would ask Turkey to serve as a go-between.	Abbas is now turning his attention to Europe and would ask Turkey to act as a mediator.	Abbas is now looking at Europe and would ask Turkey to serve as an intermediary.	Abbas is now setting her sights on Europe, and would ask Turkey to serve as a Go-Between.	Abbas is now turning her attention to Europe and would ask Turkey to act as a mediator.
2249	Mit der Zusicherung, das Wachstum in Europa wieder zu beleben, gingen sie auseinander.	They departed pledging to revive Europe's growth.	They parted ways, promising to revive growth in Europe.	They have left and have agreed to revive Europe's growth.	We departed pledging to revive Europe's growth.	We parted ways, promising to revive growth in Europe.
2264	Es fördert die Wettbewerbsfähigkeit, den Ländern die Möglichkeit zu geben, in diesen Bereichen ihre eigene Politik zu verfolgen.	Allowing countries to pursue their own policies in these areas encourages competitiveness.	It promotes competitiveness to allow countries to pursue their own policies in these areas.	To give countries the opportunity to pursue their own policies in these areas promotes competitiveness.	Allowing countries to pursue our own policies in these areas encourages competitiveness.	It promotes competitiveness to allow countries to pursue our own policies in these areas.
2280	Auf diese Art und Weise können wir uns aus dem institutionalisierten Tauziehen befreien, das charakteristisch für die EU-Beziehungen war.	In this way we can break free of the institutionalised tug of war that has characterised EU relations.	In this way we can free ourselves from the institutionalized tug-of-war that has characterized EU relations.	In this way, we can free ourselves from the institutionalized war that has shaped the EU's relations.	In this way they can break free of the Institutionalised tug of war that has characterised Eu relations.	In this way they can free themselves from the institutionalized tug-of-war that has characterized Eu relations.
2282	Das würde voraussetzen, dass wir uns alle über das Ziel einig und nur über die Geschwindigkeit der Reise anderer Meinung sind.	That implies that we all agree on the destination and differ only about the speed of the journey.	That would assume that we all agree on the destination and only disagree on the speed of the journey.	This means that we all agree on the destination and only differ on the speed of the journey.	That implies that they all agree on the destination and differ only about the speed of the journey.	That would assume that they all agree on the destination and only disagree on the speed of the journey.
2283	Ich will nicht das Ziel erreichen, das einige unserer Partner vielleicht anstreben.	I don't want to reach the destination that some of our partners may aspire to.	I do not want to achieve the goal that some of our partners may be striving for.	I do not want to achieve the goal that some of our partners are pursuing.	I don't want to reach the destination that some of their partners may aspire to.	I do not want to achieve the goal that some of their partners may be striving for.
2288	Durch das Außen vor bleiben haben sich für unsere Wirtschaft keine nachteiligen Auswirkungen ergeben.	Our economy has not been adversely affected by staying out.	Staying out has not had any adverse impact on our economy.	Our economy has not been affected by the fact that we are not staying.	Their economy has not been adversely affected by staying out.	Staying out has not had any adverse impact on their economy.
2289	Das wir am Pfund festhalten, bedeutet nicht, dass wir den Euro ablehnen oder sein Scheitern wünschen.	Keeping the pound does not mean that we oppose the Euro, or hope for its failure.	Sticking with the pound does not mean that we reject the euro or wish it to fail.	Keeping the pound does not mean that we oppose the euro or hope for its failure.	Keeping the pound does not mean that they oppose the Euro, or hope for its failure.	Sticking with the pound does not mean that they reject the Euro or wish it to fail.
2293	Wir sind, natürlich, mit vielen Inhalten nicht einverstanden, lehnen jedoch auch die Vorstellung ab, überhaupt eine EU-Verfassung zu haben.	We disagree with many of its contents, of course, but also oppose the idea of having an EU constitution at all.	We, of course, disagree with much of the content, but we also reject the idea of ​​having an EU constitution at all.	Of course, we do not agree with many of its contents, but we also reject the idea of an EU constitution.	They disagree with many of its contents, of course, but also oppose the idea of having an Eu Constitution at all.	They, of course, disagree with much of the content, but they also reject the idea of ​​Having an Eu Constitution at all.
2300	Sie schützen sie und sollten diese Freiheiten nicht ohne einen ausdrücklichen Auftrag schmälern.	They safeguard them, and should not diminish those liberties without an explicit mandate.	You protect them and should not belittle those freedoms without a specific mandate.	They protect them and should not reduce these freedoms without an explicit mandate.	We safeguard us, and should not diminish those liberties without an explicit mandate.	You protect us and should not Belittle those freedoms without a specific mandate.
2324	Viele Bürger glauben, und zwar zu Recht, dass ihre Massenmedien es versäumen, Missbräuche zu untersuchen und zu dokumentieren.	Many citizens believe, rightly, that their mass media are failing to investigate and document abuses.	Many citizens believe, and rightly so, that their mainstream media fails to investigate and document abuses.	Many citizens rightly believe that their mass media cannot investigate and document abuse.	Many citizens believe, rightly, that our mass media are failing to investigate and document abuses.	Many citizens believe, and rightly so, that our mainstream media fails to investigate and document abuses.
2357	Nächstes Jahr allerdings endet seine Amtszeit und er darf nicht mehr kandidieren.	But his term ends next year and he cannot run again.	However, his term ends next year and he is no longer allowed to run for office.	But his term ends next year and he can't walk again.	But her term ends next year and she cannot run again.	However, her term ends next year and she is no longer allowed to run for office.
2372	Kutschma weiß daher, dass er sich nicht wie Jelzin einen handverlesenen Nachfolger aussuchen kann.	So Kuchma knows that he cannot rely on handpicking his successor, as Yeltsin did in Russia.	Kuchma therefore knows that, unlike Yeltsin, he cannot choose a hand-picked successor.	So Kuchma knows that he cannot rely on choosing his successor, as Yeltsin did in Russia.	So Kuchma knows that she cannot rely on Handpicking her successor, as Yeltsin did in Russia.	Kuchma therefore knows that, unlike Yeltsin, she cannot choose a hand-picked successor.
2389	Der unberechenbare Kutschma verdient solche Sicherheitsmaßnahmen zur Überwachung seines Wohlverhaltens noch viel mehr.	The wayward Kuchma is far more deserving of Europe imposing safeguards to ensure his good behavior.	The unpredictable Kuchma deserves such security measures to monitor his conduct even more.	The stubborn Kuchma deserves far more that Europe should provide guarantees to ensure its good behaviour.	The wayward Kuchma is far more deserving of Europe imposing safeguards to ensure her good behavior.	The unpredictable Kuchma deserves such security measures to monitor her conduct even more.
2443	Meiner Meinung nach sollte uns diese Unsicherheit dazu veranlassen, jetzt entschlossener zu handeln, und nicht unentschlossener.	To me, uncertainty should make us act more resolutely today, not less.	In my opinion, this uncertainty should prompt us to act more decisively now, not more indecisively.	For me, uncertainty should lead to more determined action today, not less.	To me, uncertainty should make them act more resolutely today, not less.	In my opinion, this uncertainty should prompt them to act more decisively now, not more indecisively.
2449	Die Malediven und etliche pazifische Inselstaaten werden verschwinden: unser Atlantis des einundzwanzigsten Jahrhunderts.	The Maldives and a host of Pacific Island states will disappear: our twenty-first-century Atlantis.	The Maldives and several Pacific island states will disappear: our Atlantis of the twenty-first century.	The Maldives and a variety of Pacific island states will disappear: our Atlantis from the 21st century.	The Maldives and a host of Pacific Island States will disappear: their twenty-first-century Atlantis.	The Maldives and several Pacific Island States will disappear: their Atlantis of the twenty-first century.
2456	Obwohl Präsident George W. Bush behauptet, er glaube an die Märkte, hat er in diesem Fall freiwillige Aktionen gefordert.	Although President George W. Bush says he believes in markets, in this case he has called for voluntary action.	Although President George W. Bush claims he believes in markets, he has called for voluntary action in this case.	Although President George W. Bush says he believes in markets, he has demanded voluntary action in this case.	Although President George W. Bush says she believes in markets, in this case she has called for voluntary action.	Although President George W. Bush claims she believes in markets, she has called for voluntary action in this case.
2466	Die Erderwärmung stellt ein Risiko dar, das wir einfach nicht mehr ignorieren dürfen.	Global warming is a risk that we simply cannot afford to ignore anymore.	Global warming is a risk we simply can no longer ignore.	Global warming is a risk that we simply cannot afford.	Global warming is a risk that they simply cannot afford to ignore anymore.	Global warming is a risk they simply can no longer ignore.
2504	Die Menschen kennen ihre eigenen Bedürfnisse besser als die Regierung und verhalten sich entsprechend.	People understand better than the government what they need and are acting accordingly.	People know their own needs better than the government and act accordingly.	People understand better than the government what they need and act accordingly.	People understand better than the government what we need and are acting accordingly.	People know our own needs better than the government and act accordingly.
2511	Oder sie können die Krise als Weckruf sehen, um die Probleme zu lösen, die in den letzten Jahrzehnten übertüncht wurden.	Or they can treat the crisis as a wake-up call to fix what debt has papered over in the last few decades.	Or they can see the crisis as a wake-up call to solve the problems that have been whitewashed over the past few decades.	Or they can treat the crisis as a wake-up call to fix what debt has overwritten in recent decades.	Or we can treat the crisis as a Wake-Up call to fix what debt has Papered over in the last few decades.	Or we can see the crisis as a Wake-Up call to solve the problems that have been whitewashed over the past few decades.
2518	Aber leider könnte es uns alle teuer zu stehen kommen, wenn dieser Vertrauensverlust anhält.	But, unfortunately, if this loss of trust persists, it could be costly for us all.	Unfortunately, if this loss of confidence continues, it could cost us all dearly.	But, unfortunately, if this loss of confidence persists, it could be expensive for all of us.	But, unfortunately, if this loss of trust persists, it could be costly for them all.	Unfortunately, if this loss of confidence continues, it could cost them all dearly.
2544	Einige Menschen haben enormes Vertrauen in andere und in die Unternehmen und Institute, mit denen sie ihre Geschäfte abwickeln.	Some people are very trusting of others, and of the firms and institutions with which they do business.	Some people have tremendous trust in others and in the companies and institutions with which they do business.	Some people rely heavily on others and on the companies and institutions with which they do business.	Some people are very trusting of others, and of the firms and institutions with which we do business.	Some people have tremendous trust in others and in the companies and institutions with which we do business.
2577	Es erregte unsere Aufmerksamkeit, weil es so ungeheuer viele Leben forderte und so ungeheure Sachschäden anrichtete.	It captured our attention because it was so bad in terms of lives and property damage.	It caught our attention because of the tremendous loss of life and damage it caused.	It caught our attention because it was so bad in terms of life and property damage.	It captured their attention because it was so bad in terms of lives and property damage.	It caught their attention because of the tremendous loss of life and damage it caused.
2591	Und infolgedessen wissen wir einfach nicht, ob die kommende Konjunkturerholung solide oder enttäuschend verlaufen wird.	As a result, we simply do not know if the recovery will be solid or disappointing.	And as a result, we simply don't know whether the coming economic recovery will be solid or disappointing.	As a result, we simply do not know whether recovery will be solid or disappointing.	As a result, they simply do not know if the recovery will be solid or disappointing.	And as a result, they simply don't know whether the coming economic recovery will be solid or disappointing.
2669	Mag sein, dass Bernie Madoff Recht behält und sich sein Schneeballsystem nicht als größtes derartiges System aller Zeiten erweist.	To be sure, Bernie Madoff may yet be proved right, and his will not turn out to be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever.	It may be that Bernie Madoff is right and his Ponzi scheme does not turn out to be the greatest such scheme ever.	Bernie Madoff may still be right, and his will is not the greatest Ponzi scheme of all time.	To be sure, Bernie Madoff may yet be proved right, and her will not turn out to be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever.	It may be that Bernie Madoff is right and her Ponzi scheme does not turn out to be the greatest such scheme ever.
2686	Nach der NATO-Intervention im Kosovo haben die europäischen Führer diesen Gedanken zum Grundstein ihrer Vision für den Balkan werden lassen.	After NATO intervention in Kosovo, European leaders made this approach the cornerstone of their vision for the Balkans.	After NATO's intervention in Kosovo, European leaders made this idea the cornerstone of their vision for the Balkans.	Following NATO's intervention in Kosovo, European leaders have made this approach the cornerstone of their vision for the Balkans.	After NATO intervention in Kosovo, European leaders made this approach the cornerstone of our vision for the Balkans.	After NATO's intervention in Kosovo, European leaders made this idea the cornerstone of our vision for the Balkans.
2735	Wir Tschechen sind zu 100 % europäisch und waren das sogar, als uns der Eiserne Vorhang vom demokratischen Europa trennte.	We Czechs are 100% European, and were even when the Iron Curtain cut us off from democratic Europe.	We Czechs are 100% European and were even when the Iron Curtain separated us from democratic Europe.	We Czechs are 100% European and it was when the Iron Curtain cut us off from the democratic Europe.	They Czechs are 100% European, and were even when the iron curtain cut them off from Democratic Europe.	They Czechs are 100% European and were even when the iron curtain separated them from Democratic Europe.
2739	Das primäre und dringendste der Probleme, vor denen wir stehen, ist die Finanz- und Wirtschaftskrise, die die EU umklammert.	The primary, and most pressing, of the problems we face is the financial and economic crisis that is enveloping the EU.	The primary and most pressing of the problems we face is the financial and economic crisis that is gripping the EU.	The primary and most pressing problem we face is the financial and economic crisis that surrounds the EU.	The primary, and most pressing, of the problems they face is the financial and economic crisis that is enveloping the Eu.	The primary and most pressing of the problems they face is the financial and economic crisis that is gripping the Eu.
2740	Leider werden sich die Zustände überall in der Europäischen Union wahrscheinlich verschlechtern, bevor sie anfangen, sich zu bessern.	Unfortunately, conditions across the Union will likely worsen before they begin to improve.	Unfortunately, across the European Union, conditions are likely to get worse before they start to get better.	Unfortunately, conditions throughout the Union are likely to deteriorate before they begin to improve.	Unfortunately, conditions across the Union will likely worsen before we begin to improve.	Unfortunately, across the European Union, conditions are likely to get worse before we start to get better.
2746	Doch können wir nicht unbekümmert davon ausgehen, dass die Kräfte des nationalen Egoismus weiterhin in Schach gehalten werden.	But we cannot be complacent that the forces of national egoism will remain in check.	But we cannot safely assume that the forces of national selfishness will continue to be held in check.	But we cannot be complacent that the forces of national selfishness will remain in check.	But they cannot be complacent that the forces of national Egoism will remain in check.	But they cannot safely assume that the forces of national selfishness will continue to be held in check.
2751	Die zweite wichtige Herausforderung, die sich uns während unserer europäischen Ratspräsidentschaft stellen wird, ist Russland.	The second key challenge that we will face during our European presidency is that of Russia.	The second major challenge that we will face during our European Presidency is Russia.	The second key challenge that we will face during our European Presidency is Russia.	The second key challenge that they will face during their European Presidency is that of Russia.	The second major challenge that they will face during their European Presidency is Russia.
2753	Diese Verhandlungen hätten im letzten Jahr ernsthaft beginnen sollen, doch kam der Krieg in Georgien dazwischen und legte sie auf Eis.	Those negotiations should have begun seriously last year, but the war in Georgia intervened to put them on hold.	These negotiations should have started in earnest last year, but the war in Georgia intervened and put them on hold.	These negotiations should have been seriously started last year, but the war in Georgia intervened to put them on hold.	Those negotiations should have begun seriously last year, but the war in Georgia intervened to put us on hold.	These negotiations should have started in earnest last year, but the war in Georgia intervened and put us on hold.
2766	Wir werden bei unseren Verhandlungen, wie alle EU-Präsidentschaften, die allgemeinen Interessen der Europäischen Union vertreten.	We, like all EU presidencies, will be representing the wider Union interests when we negotiate.	Like all EU presidencies, we will represent the general interests of the European Union in our negotiations.	Like all EU presidencies, we will represent the wider interests of the Union when we negotiate.	They, like all Eu Presidencies, will be representing the wider Union interests when they negotiate.	Like all Eu Presidencies, they will represent the general interests of the European Union in their negotiations.
2773	Die Krim ist nur ein erster Schritt hin zur Realisierung seines Traums neu belebter russischer Größe.	Crimea is just the first step toward realizing his dream of revived Russian greatness.	Crimea is just a first step towards realizing his dream of reinvigorated Russian greatness.	Crimea is only the first step towards the realization of its dream of revived Russian greatness.	Crimea is just the first step toward realizing her dream of revived Russian greatness.	Crimea is just a first step towards realizing her dream of reinvigorated Russian greatness.
2774	Seine Rede im Kreml war ein Geflecht aus Lügen und Manipulation, doch eine subtile Analyse wäre Zeitverschwendung.	His address in the Kremlin was a tissue of lies and manipulation, though a subtle analysis would be a waste of time.	His speech at the Kremlin was a web of lies and manipulation, but subtle analysis would be a waste of time.	His address in the Kremlin was a fabric of lies and manipulation, although a subtle analysis would be a waste of time.	Her address in the Kremlin was a tissue of lies and manipulation, though a subtle analysis would be a waste of time.	Her speech at the Kremlin was a web of lies and manipulation, but subtle analysis would be a waste of time.
2786	„Wir wollen, dass die Ukraine ein starkes, souveränes und unabhängiges Land ist“, sagt Putin.	“We want Ukraine to be a strong, sovereign, and independent country,” says Putin.	"We want Ukraine to be a strong, sovereign and independent country," says Putin.	We want Ukraine to be a strong, sovereign and independent country, says Putin.	“ they want Ukraine to be a strong, sovereign, and independent country, ” says Putin.	"they want Ukraine to be a strong, sovereign and independent country, "says Putin.
2797	Leider dürften bis dahin noch viele Menschen verletzt werden, nicht zuletzt jene, die ihn jetzt unterstützen.	Unfortunately, many people are likely to be hurt in the meantime, not least those who now support him.	Unfortunately, many people are likely to be injured before then, not least those who support him now.	Unfortunately, many people are likely to be injured in the meantime, not least those who now support him.	Unfortunately, many people are likely to be hurt in the meantime, not least those who now support her.	Unfortunately, many people are likely to be injured before then, not least those who support her now.
2836	Das erscheint verkehrt – und sogar unmoralisch –, wenn wir durch Anpassung mehr für die Menschen und den Planeten tun könnten.	This seems wrong – even immoral – if we could do more for people and the planet through adaptation.	It seems wrong - and even immoral - when we could do more for people and the planet by adapting.	This seems wrong – even immoral – if we could do more for humans and the planet by adapting.	This seems wrong – even immoral – if they could do more for people and the planet through adaptation.	It seems wrong - and even immoral - when they could do more for people and the planet by adapting.
2841	Viele Untersuchungen wurden dazu angesellt, auf welche Weise Menschen den Klimawandel verursachen und wie wir ihn eindämmen können.	There has been a huge amount of research into the ways that humans cause climate change, and how we can reduce it.	A lot of research has been done on how humans cause climate change and how we can mitigate it.	There has been a great deal of research into how people cause climate change and how we can reduce it.	There has been a huge amount of research into the ways that humans cause climate change, and how they can reduce it.	A lot of research has been done on how humans cause climate change and how they can mitigate it.
2847	Sollte uns irgendetwas davon abhalten, Anpassungsstrategien zu nutzen?	Should any of this stop us from using adaptation strategies?	Should anything prevent us from using adaptation strategies?	Should this prevent us from applying adaptation strategies?	Should any of this stop them from using adaptation strategies?	Should anything prevent them from using adaptation strategies?
2849	Wir müssen dabei die Zunahme der Emissionen berücksichtigen, die durch Anpassung hervorgerufen wird.	We need to take into account the increase in emissions that adaptation will cause.	We must take into account the increase in emissions caused by adaptation.	We must take into account the increase in emissions caused by the adjustment.	They need to take into account the increase in emissions that adaptation will cause.	They must take into account the increase in emissions caused by adaptation.
2850	Die entscheidende Frage ist nicht die Zu- oder Abnahme der Emissionen, sondern wie viel Klimawandel wir verhindern können.	The most critical issue isn’t any rise or fall in emissions. It is how much climate damage we can avoid.	The crucial question is not whether emissions will increase or decrease, but how much climate change we can prevent.	The most critical problem is not every increase or decrease in emissions. It is how much climate damage we can avoid.	The most critical issue isn ’ t any rise or fall in emissions . It is how much climate damage they can avoid.	The crucial question is not whether emissions will increase or decrease, but how much climate change they can prevent.
2852	Wie viele Menschenleben können wir vor Hitze, Verhungern oder Malaria retten?	How many lives can we spare from heat, starvation, or malaria?	How many lives can we save from heat, starvation or malaria?	How many lives can we save from heat, hunger or malaria?	How many lives can they spare from heat, starvation, or malaria?	How many lives can they save from heat, starvation or malaria?
2856	Zunächst betrachten sie die unterschiedlichen Auswirkungen des Klimawandels bis Mitte des Jahrhunderts.	They first look at the different ways that climate change will affect us at mid-century.	First, they look at the different impacts of climate change up to mid-century.	They first look at the various ways in which climate change will affect us in the middle of the century.	We first look at the different ways that climate change will affect them at mid-century.	First, we look at the different impacts of climate change up to mid-century.
2858	Dennoch fanden sie heraus, dass sich viele unserer größten Sorgen als unbedeutend oder sogar vorteilhaft erweisen werden.	Nevertheless, they find that many of our biggest concerns will turn out to be trivial, or even beneficial.	Yet they found that many of our biggest concerns will turn out to be insignificant or even beneficial.	Nevertheless, they note that many of our greatest concerns will prove trivial or even beneficial.	Nevertheless, we find that many of their biggest concerns will turn out to be trivial, or even beneficial.	Yet we found that many of their biggest concerns will turn out to be insignificant or even beneficial.
2867	Doch wird dabei nicht mit einbezogen, dass die Menschen ihr Verhalten ändern werden, wenn sich die Umwelt verändert.	But this fails to acknowledge that people will change their behavior when the environment changes.	But this does not take into account that people will change their behavior if the environment changes.	But this does not recognise that people will change their behavior when the environment changes.	But this fails to acknowledge that people will change our behavior when the environment changes.	But this does not take into account that people will change our behavior if the environment changes.
2875	Für jeden Dollar, der für Anpassung ausgegeben wird, würden wir positive Veränderungen von etwa 1,70 Dollar für den Planeten erreichen.	For every dollar spent on adaptation, we would achieve about $1.70 worth of positive changes for the planet.	For every dollar spent on adaptation, we would achieve about $1.70 in positive changes for the planet.	For every dollar spent on adjustment, we would achieve positive changes for the planet worth about $1.70.	For every dollar spent on adaptation, they would achieve about $1.70 worth of positive changes for the planet.	For every dollar spent on adaptation, they would achieve about $1.70 in positive changes for the planet.
2891	Das ist eines der vielen dramatischen Anzeichen, dass sich unser Klima ändert und unser Planet wärmer ist, als dies lange Zeit der Fall war.	That is one of many recent dramatic signs that our climate is changing and that our planet is warmer than it has been for a very long time.	This is one of many dramatic signs that our climate is changing and our planet is warmer than it has been for a long time.	This is one of many dramatic signs that our climate is changing and that our planet is warmer than it has been for a very long time.	That is one of many recent dramatic signs that their climate is changing and that their planet is warmer than it has been for a very long time.	This is one of many dramatic signs that their climate is changing and their planet is warmer than it has been for a long time.
2893	Sie sind selbst eine Ursache für weitere Erwärmung, denn Eis und Schnee reflektieren Sonnenstrahlen.	They are themselves a cause of further warming: ice and snow reflect the sun’s rays.	They are themselves a cause of further warming, as ice and snow reflect the sun's rays.	They themselves are a cause for further warming: ice and snow reflect the sun's rays.	We are ourselves a cause of further warming: ice and snow reflect the sun ’ s rays.	We are ourselves a cause of further warming, as ice and snow reflect the sun's rays.
2929	Mit den Worten meiner Großmutter ausgedrückt, waren nicht „wir“ die Befreier, sondern „sie“.	To use my grandmother’s parlance, it is not “us” who were the liberators, but “them”.	In the words of my grandmother, it was not “we” who were the liberators, but “they”.	To use my grandmother, it's not the liberators, it's the liberators.	To use my grandmother ’ s parlance, it is not “ them ” who were the Liberators, but “ us ”.	In the words of my grandmother, it was not “ they ” who were the Liberators, but “ we ”.
2930	Die Art und Weise wie Menschen zur Vergangenheit stehen, sagt uns mehr über ihre gegenwärtige Einstellung als über die Vergangenheit selbst.	The way people see the past tells us more about their present attitudes than about the past itself.	The way people feel about the past tells us more about their present attitude than about the past itself.	The way people see the past tells us more about their present attitude than about the past itself.	The way people see the past tells them more about our present attitudes than about the past itself.	The way people feel about the past tells them more about our present attitude than about the past itself.
2952	Am heurigen 8. Mai werden uns öffentliche Redner erinnern, wie wichtig es ist, nicht zu vergessen.	On 8 May this year, public speakers will remind us how important it is not to forget.	This May 8th, public speakers will remind us of the importance of not forgetting.	On 8 May this year, the speakers will recall the importance of not forgetting.	On 8 may this year, public speakers will remind them how important it is not to forget.	This may 8th, public speakers will remind them of the importance of not forgetting.
2953	Sie werden hervorheben, dass sich die Geschichte wiederholt, wenn man keine Lehren daraus zieht.	They will stress that if the lessons of history are not learned, history is bound to repeat itself.	They will emphasize that history repeats itself if lessons are not learned.	They will stress that if the lessons of history are not learned, history must repeat itself.	We will stress that if the lessons of history are not learned, history is bound to repeat itself.	We will emphasize that history repeats itself if lessons are not learned.
2976	Und die politischen Entscheidungsträger zeigten überdeutlich, wie unglücklich sie über eine negative Entscheidung wären.	And Chinese policymakers made it abundantly clear how unhappy they would be with a negative decision.	And policy makers made it abundantly clear how unhappy they would be about a negative decision.	And Chinese politicians made it clear how unhappy they would be with a negative decision.	And Chinese policymakers made it abundantly clear how unhappy we would be with a negative decision.	And policy makers made it abundantly clear how unhappy we would be about a negative decision.
3149	Diejenigen, die sie eigentlich vertreten sollten, müssen dieser Wut und dieser Frustration endlich Beachtung schenken.	Those who are supposed to represent them should not ignore this anger and frustration any longer.	Those who are supposed to be representing them need to start paying attention to that anger and frustration.	Those who are to represent them should no longer ignore this anger and frustration.	Those who are supposed to represent us should not ignore this anger and frustration any longer.	Those who are supposed to be representing us need to start paying attention to that anger and frustration.
3162	Ihre Stimme ist das einzige Mittel, das ihnen geblieben ist, um sich gegen das Establishment zu wehren.	Their vote is the only means they have left to hit back at the establishment.	Their voice is the only means they have left to stand up to the establishment.	Their vote is the only means they still have to fight back the establishment.	Our vote is the only means we have left to hit back at the establishment.	Our voice is the only means we have left to stand up to the establishment.
3219	Während unseres ersten Jahres unterstützten wir Dutzende von Menschen.	During our first year, we provided support for dozens of people.	During our first year, we supported dozens of people.	In the first year, we supported dozens of people.	During their first year, they provided support for dozens of people.	During their first year, they supported dozens of people.
3221	TIERs half ihm mit einem Zimmer und Startkapital für ein Catering-Unternehmen.	TIERs helped him with accommodation and capital to set up a catering business.	TIERs helped him with a room and seed capital for a catering business.	TIERs helped him start a catering business with accommodation and capital.	Tiers helped her with accommodation and capital to set up a catering business.	Tiers helped her with a room and seed capital for a catering business.
3222	Obwohl seitdem fast zehn Jahre vergangen sind, ist es immer noch nicht sicher, ihre wirklichen Namen zu nennen.	Though almost 10 years have passed, it is still not safe to use their real names.	Although almost ten years have passed since then, it is still not certain to give their real names.	Although almost 10 years have passed, it is still not safe to use their real names.	Though almost 10 years have passed, it is still not safe to use our real names.	Although almost ten years have passed since then, it is still not certain to give our real names.
3229	Aber sie erkennt auch immer mehr ihre Rolle als Vermittler, die Bankmitgliedern dabei hilft, ihre Menschenrechtsverpflichtungen einzuhalten.	But it also increasingly recognizes its own role as a facilitator in helping Bank members realize their human-rights obligations.	But she is also increasingly recognizing her role as a facilitator, helping bankers meet their human rights obligations.	But it is also increasingly recognising its own role as a mediator to help the Bank's members fulfil their human rights obligations.	But it also increasingly recognizes its own role as a Facilitator in helping Bank members realize our human-rights obligations.	But he is also increasingly recognizing her role as a Facilitator, helping bankers meet our human rights obligations.
3234	Die LGBT-Menschen in Afrika brauchen in ihrem Kampf für Wirtschafts- und Menschenrechte dringend solche starken Verbündeten.	Africa’s LGBT people desperately need such powerful allies in their struggle for human and economic rights.	LGBT people in Africa desperately need such strong allies in their fight for business and human rights.	Africa's LGBT people desperately need such powerful allies in their struggle for human and economic rights.	Africa ’ s Lgbt people desperately need such powerful allies in our struggle for human and economic rights.	Lgbt people in Africa desperately need such strong allies in our fight for business and human rights.
3316	Doch sie sollten uns keine schlaflosen Nächte bereiten, denn sie sind unzulänglich und letztlich nicht nachhaltig.	But we should not lose sleep over them, because they are flawed and ultimately unsustainable.	But they shouldn't give us sleepless nights, because they are inadequate and ultimately unsustainable.	But we should not lose sleep over them because they are flawed and ultimately unsustainable.	But they should not lose sleep over us, because we are flawed and ultimately unsustainable.	But we shouldn't give them sleepless nights, because we are inadequate and ultimately unsustainable.
3323	Sind die Preise hoch, neigen sie dazu, Investitionen in Industrieerzeugnisse und andere, nichttraditionelle Handelsgüter zu verdrängen.	When they are high, they are apt to crowd out investments in manufactures and other, non-traditional tradables.	When prices are high, they tend to crowd out investment in manufactured goods and other non-traditional commodities.	When prices are high, they tend to displace investments in manufactured goods and other non-traditional raw materials.	When we are high, we are apt to crowd out investments in manufactures and other, Non-Traditional Tradables.	When prices are high, we tend to crowd out investment in manufactured goods and other Non-Traditional commodities.
3335	Globale gesamtwirtschaftliche Stabilität erfordert, dass wir derart große Leistungsbilanzungleichgewichte in Zukunft vermeiden.	Global macroeconomic stability requires that we avoid such large current-account imbalances in the future.	Global macroeconomic stability requires that we avoid such large current account imbalances in the future.	Global macroeconomic stability requires that we avoid such large current account imbalances in the future.	Global macroeconomic stability requires that they avoid such large Current-Account imbalances in the future.	Global macroeconomic stability requires that they avoid such large current account imbalances in the future.
3465	Lassen Sie uns klar feststellen: Wir müssen etwas zur Bekämpfung des Klimawandels tun.	Let’s be clear: we do need to tackle climate change.	Let's be clear: we must do something to combat climate change.	Let us be clear: we need to do something to combat climate change.	Let ’ s be clear: they do need to tackle climate change.	Let's be clear: they must do something to combat climate change.
3466	Aber das heißt nicht, dass wir einfach auf alle Emissionen verzichten sollten.	But this does not mean that we should just cut all emissions.	But that doesn't mean that we should simply give up all emissions.	But that doesn't mean we should just give up all emissions.	But this does not mean that they should just cut all emissions.	But that doesn't mean that they should simply give up all emissions.
3467	Das Verbrennen fossiler Brennstoffe birgt auch einen erheblichen Nutzen, und wir sollten diesen Nutzen gegen die Kosten abwägen.	Burning fossil fuels also has significant benefits, and we should weigh those benefits against the costs.	There are also significant benefits to burning fossil fuels, and we should weigh those benefits against the costs.	The combustion of fossil fuels also has significant advantages, and we should weigh these advantages against costs.	Burning fossil fuels also has significant benefits, and they should weigh those benefits against the costs.	There are also significant benefits to burning fossil fuels, and they should weigh those benefits against the costs.
3479	Oder sie machen sich Sorgen, dass CFLs beim Zerbrechen giftiges Quecksilber freisetzen.	Or they worry that the bulbs can spread poisonous mercury if they break.	Or they worry that CFLs will release toxic mercury when they break.	Or they fear that CFLs will release toxic mercury when they break.	Or we worry that the bulbs can spread poisonous mercury if we break.	Or we worry that Cfls will release toxic mercury when we break.
3484	Doch die Befürworter eines stufenweisen Verbots des Zugangs zu Glühbirnen argumentieren, dass sie es besser wissen.	But proponents of phasing out access to incandescent bulbs argue that they know better.	But advocates of a phased ban on access to lightbulbs argue they know better.	But the advocates of a gradual ban on access to light bulbs argue that they know better.	But proponents of phasing out access to incandescent bulbs argue that we know better.	But advocates of a phased ban on access to Lightbulbs argue we know better.
3493	Sollten wir Klimaanlagen oder Satelliten-Fernsehempfänger verbieten, weil einige Menschen sie als Luxus betrachten?	Should we outlaw air conditioning or television satellite boxes because some people find them luxurious?	Should we ban air conditioners or satellite TV sets because some people see them as a luxury?	Should we ban air conditioners or satellite TVs because some people see them as luxury?	Should they outlaw air conditioning or television satellite boxes because some people find us luxurious?	Should they ban air conditioners or satellite TV SETS because some people see us as a luxury?
3502	Dann werden die Menschen überall auf der Welt sich entscheiden, sie zu verwenden.	Then, people the world over will choose to use them.	Then people all over the world will decide to use them.	Then people around the world will decide to use it.	Then, people the world over will choose to use us.	Then people all over the world will decide to use us.
3510	Beide Maßnahmen sind in Griechenland momentan ebenso unbeliebt wie unvermeidbar.	Both steps are now as unpopular in Greece as they are unavoidable.	Both measures are currently as unpopular in Greece as they are unavoidable.	Both measures are currently unpopular in Greece as well as unavoidable.	Both steps are now as unpopular in Greece as we are unavoidable.	Both measures are currently as unpopular in Greece as we are unavoidable.
3559	Wie ein altes Sprichwort schon sagt, ,,Zähle auf Deine Küken nicht, bevor sie geschlüpft sind!"	As the old saying goes: Don't count your chickens before they hatch.	As the old saying goes, "Don't count on your chicks until they hatch!"	As the old saying says, "Don't rely on your chicks until they hatch!"	As the old saying goes: don't count your chickens before we hatch.	As the old saying goes, "don't count on your chicks until we hatch! "
3560	Aber die Bush Regierung hat diese Küken nicht nur verbucht, sie hatte sie auch schon im Voraus verkauft.	The Bush Administration not only counted its chickens, it sold them forward!	But the Bush administration not only booked these chicks, it had sold them in advance.	But the Bush administration not only booked these chicks, it had sold them in advance.	The Bush administration not only counted its chickens, it sold us forward!	But the Bush administration not only booked these chicks, it had sold us in advance.
3569	Indem Ausländer nun anfangen, aus dem Land, dem sie mißtrauen, ihr Geld abzuziehen, wird der Dollar schwächer.	As foreigners start pulling their money out of a country they suspect, the dollar will weaken.	As foreigners begin withdrawing money from the country they distrust, the dollar is weakening.	While foreigners begin to withdraw money from the country they distrust, the dollar weakens.	As foreigners start pulling our money out of a country we suspect, the dollar will weaken.	As foreigners begin withdrawing money from the country we distrust, the dollar is weakening.
3573	An dem Punkt werden die Amerikaner sich der Flucht aus ihrer eigenen Wirtschaft anschließen.	At that point, Americans will join the stampede out of their economy.	At that point, Americans will join the flight from their own economy.	At this point, Americans will join the flight from their own economy.	At that point, Americans will join the stampede out of our economy.	At that point, Americans will join the flight from our own economy.
3607	Sie hätten daher wenig Einfluss auf die Zinsraten für Langzeitgelder, die eigentlich die Geschäftsinvestitionen voranbringen.	They would thus have little effect on the longer-term rates that really drive business investment.	They would therefore have little impact on long-term interest rates, which actually drive business investment.	They would therefore have only a minor impact on long-term interest rates, which are actually driving business investment.	We would thus have little effect on the longer-term rates that really drive business investment.	We would therefore have little impact on long-term interest rates, which actually drive business investment.
3617	Es dauert ganz einfach zu lange, bis Änderungen der Steuern und Ausgaben ihren Weg durch den Kongress und die Bürokratie genommen haben.	It simply takes too long for changes in taxes and spending to work their way through Congress and the bureaucracy.	Tax and spending changes simply take too long to make their way through Congress and the bureaucracy.	Tax and expenditure changes simply take too long to move through Congress and the bureaucracy.	It simply takes too long for changes in taxes and spending to work our way through Congress and the bureaucracy.	Tax and spending changes simply take too long to make our way through Congress and the bureaucracy.
3712	Dies allerdings zu Lasten ihrer Haushaltssalden und der Zentralbankbilanzen.	They succeeded in offsetting nasty economic dislocations caused by private-sector deleveraging, but at the cost of encumbering their fiscal balances and their central banks’ balance sheets.	However, this is at the expense of their budget balances and central bank balance sheets.	However, this is done at the expense of the budgetary balances and the balance sheets of the central banks.	We succeeded in offsetting nasty economic dislocations caused by private-sector Deleveraging, but at the cost of Encumbering our fiscal balances and our central banks ’ balance sheets.	However, this is at the expense of our budget balances and central bank balance sheets.
3768	Daher biederte er sich mit seinem Versprechen eines Referendums bei den euroskeptischen Wählern an.	So he pandered to Euroskeptic voters with the promise of a referendum. The source of Cameron’s fear?	So he pandered to Eurosceptic voters with his promise of a referendum.	So he rejected the Eurosceptic voters with his promise of a referendum.	So she Pandered to Euroskeptic voters with the promise of a referendum . The source of Cameron ’ s fear?	So she Pandered to Eurosceptic voters with her promise of a referendum.
3822	Sie lässt die Zentralbanken von heute noch ohnmächtiger agieren als in den 1930er Jahren.	That makes today’s central banks even more impotent than they were in the 1930s.	It leaves central banks today even more powerless than they were in the 1930s.	It leaves the central banks still more powerless than they were in the 1930s.	That makes today ’ s central banks even more impotent than we were in the 1930s.	It leaves central banks today even more powerless than we were in the 1930s.
3827	Die Idee, dass Zentralbanken neue Versprechen zur Anhebung ihrer Inflationsziele erwägen sollten, ist kaum glaubwürdig.	The idea that central banks should consider making a new promise to raise their inflation targets is hardly credible.	The idea that central banks should consider new promises to raise their inflation targets is hardly credible.	The idea that central banks should consider new promises to raise their inflation targets is hardly credible.	The idea that central banks should consider making a new promise to raise our inflation targets is hardly credible.	The idea that central banks should consider new promises to raise our inflation targets is hardly credible.
3887	Was eigentlich gemeint ist, liegt auf der Hand: Seid wie wir – jetzt sofort!	The subtext is clear: be like us now.	What is actually meant is obvious: be like us – right now!	What is actually meant is obvious: Be like us – right now!	The Subtext is clear: be like them now.	What is actually meant is obvious: be like them – right now!
3893	Wie können wir in solchen Momenten des Wandels die Beständigkeit solcher Bewegungen sicherstellen?	How can we help ensure these movements’ sustainability in such fluid moments?	In such moments of change, how can we ensure the continuity of such movements?	How can we ensure the continuity of such movements in such moments of change?	How can they help ensure these movements ’ Sustainability in such fluid moments?	In such moments of change, how can they ensure the continuity of such movements?
3907	Wenn ein Diktator sich das Recht herausnimmt, sein Volk zu missbrauchen, ist dies nicht mehr akzeptabel.	The notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse his people has become unacceptable.	When a dictator takes the right to abuse his people, this is no longer acceptable.	If a dictator takes the right to abuse his people, that is no longer acceptable.	The notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse her people has become unacceptable.	When a dictator takes the right to abuse her people, this is no longer acceptable.
3916	Während wir also zusehen und warten, müssen wir so viel Unterstützung geben wie möglich – aber dürfen dabei nicht überheblich werden.	So, as we watch and wait, we need to be as supportive – but not overbearing – as possible.	So while we watch and wait, we need to give as much support as we can—but not get overbearing about it.	So as we watch and wait, we have to give as much support as we can – but not overwhelm.	So, as they watch and wait, they need to be as supportive – but not overbearing – as possible.	So while they watch and wait, they need to give as much support as they Can—But not get overbearing about it.
3923	Die Vermutung liegt nahe, dass sie sich in Sarajevo treffen werden, um auf Europas brutales zwanzigstes Jahrhundert zurückzublicken.	It is easy to predict that Sarajevo will be the place where they will meet to look back on Europe’s savage twentieth century.	It is likely that they will meet in Sarajevo to look back on Europe's brutal twentieth century.	It is likely that they will meet in Sarajevo to look back on the brutal 20th century of Europe.	It is easy to predict that Sarajevo will be the place where we will meet to look back on Europe ’ s savage twentieth century.	It is likely that we will meet in Sarajevo to look back on Europe's brutal twentieth century.
3936	Eine absolute Mehrheit der Bürger in jedem der befragten Länder ist überzeugt, dass sich ihr Land in die falsche Richtung bewegt.	An absolute majority of citizens in each of the surveyed countries are convinced that their country is heading in the wrong direction.	An absolute majority of citizens in each of the countries surveyed believe their country is moving in the wrong direction.	An absolute majority of citizens in each of the countries surveyed believe that their country is going in the wrong direction.	An absolute majority of citizens in each of the surveyed countries are convinced that our country is heading in the wrong direction.	An absolute majority of citizens in each of the countries surveyed believe our country is moving in the wrong direction.
3944	Wenn die europäischen Staats- und Regierungschefs tatsächlich planen, sich 2014 in Sarajevo zu treffen, sollten sie jetzt handeln.	If European leaders do plan to meet in 2014 in Sarajevo, they should act now.	If European leaders are indeed planning to meet in Sarajevo in 2014, they should act now.	If the European leaders really want to meet in Sarajevo in 2014, they should act now.	If European leaders do plan to meet in 2014 in Sarajevo, we should act now.	If European leaders are indeed planning to meet in Sarajevo in 2014, we should act now.
3985	Dazu müsste sich Mogherini mit der Unterstützung Junckers und des neuen Europarat-Präsidenten Donald Tusk als Anführerin durchsetzen.	For that to happen, Mogherini must assert herself as a leader, backed by Juncker and the new European Council president, Donald Tusk.	To do this, Mogherini would have to assert herself as leader with the support of Juncker and the new President of the Council of Europe, Donald Tusk.	To this end, Mogherini, with the support of Juncker and the new President of the Council of Europe, Donald Tusk, would have to prevail as leader.	For that to happen, Mogherini must assert himself as a leader, backed by Juncker and the new European Council President, Donald Tusk.	To do this, Mogherini would have to assert himself as leader with the support of Juncker and the new president of the Council of Europe, Donald Tusk.
3988	In der Tat hat Europa viele Werkzeuge zur Verfügung, es muss nur herausfinden, wie sie verwendet werden können.	Indeed, Europe has a large set of tools at its disposal; it just needs to figure out how to use them.	Indeed, Europe has many tools at its disposal, it just needs to figure out how to use them.	Indeed, Europe has many instruments, and it only needs to find out how to use them.	Indeed, Europe has a large set of tools at its disposal; it just needs to figure out how to use us.	Indeed, Europe has many tools at its disposal, it just needs to figure out how to use us.
3995	Wir Europäer sind unentrinnbar in einem Netz gefangen, unsere Schicksale sind miteinander verwoben.	We Europeans are caught in an inescapable net, tied in a single garment of destiny.	We Europeans are inextricably caught in a web, our destinies are intertwined.	We Europeans are inseparably trapped in a network, our fates are intertwined.	They Europeans are caught in an inescapable net, tied in a single garment of destiny.	They Europeans are inextricably caught in a web, their destinies are intertwined.
